Neville's (cauldron) bubbled ominously as Professor Snape let out an irritated (mutter). A stern (prefect) rushed forward as Hermione let out a surprised (gasp). "I (reckon) we should back away," Harry whispered urgently. A threatening (hiss) came from the potion as it turned an unnatural color. Lavender's terrified (shriek) echoed through the dungeon while Ron's face formed a worried (frown). Fang let out a protective (growl) from the corner as the broken (quill) dissolved in the volatile brew.
The werewolf let out a menacing (snarl) causing students to (leap) behind desks for protection. Harry's hands began to (tremble) with fear as Hermione (glared) at the creature. Professor McGonagall moved (sideways) to shield the first-years while the chandelier (gleamed) eerily in the darkness. "STAND BACK!" (bellowed) Hagrid as he rushed forward. The Whomping Willow branches (swung) violently outside the window. Hermione let out a frightened (squeak) and pulled Harry (hastily) toward the exit.
The sight of the Boggart would (frighten) even the bravest student as Hermione tried to (straighten) her robes. Ron used his wand to (poke) at the suspicious package while Harry could only (shrug) helplessly. A distant (howl) echoed from the Forbidden Forest making everyone (scramble) for safety. Crabbe let out a dismissive (grunt) before Hermione (flung) open her textbook for answers. The ghost began to (moan) hauntingly while Malfoy watched with his characteristic (sneer).
Hagrid (heaved) the enormous pumpkin into place for the Halloween feast. Malfoy's face twisted into a cruel (smirk) while watching Neville struggle with his spell. A shadow appeared in the (doorway) followed by a (silvery) Patronus that illuminated the corridor. Lavender's nervous (giggle) broke the silence as pages began to (flutter) in the ancient book. Professor Moody (squinted) suspiciously through his magical eye. The windows began to (rattle) ominously as Dumbledore (murmured) an incantation. Harry felt a (shudder) run down his spine.
Harry took a nervous (gulp) before attempting to (conjure) his Patronus. The entire room (quivered) as Dementors approached the castle. Students began to (shiver) from the sudden cold as Parvati let out an excited (squeal) when her charm finally worked. The Hogwarts Express began to (sway) dangerously as they (peered) through the foggy windows. Harry's scar began to (twitch) painfully. Buckbeak's sharp (beak) gleamed in the moonlight while Ron let out a pained (groan) after being knocked to the ground.
Professor Snape's fists (clenched) in anger as he (strode) across the dungeon. A ghostly figure (swooped) through the classroom, causing the torchlight to (flicker) ominously. Harry's eyebrows were (singed) from his exploding potion. Dumbledore surveyed the scene (grimly) as darkness seemed to (creep) along the walls. Snape smiled (bitterly) at Harry's failed assignment while Hermione (scribbled) notes frantically. Ron stared (blankly) at the disaster unfolding before him.
Harry examined the mysterious object (curiously) as an owl (screeched) from the Owlery. Ron began to (choke) on his pumpkin juice when the Bloody Baron appeared suddenly. Hedwig (perched) calmly on the windowsill as the ancient door (creaked) open slowly. Hermione's (stunning) spell missed its target by inches. Dumbledore's eyes had their familiar (glint) of wisdom as he approached. An owl (hooted) softly in the distance as a heavy book fell with a (thud) to the floor. Hermione gave Harry's sleeve an urgent (tug).
The cauldron (clattered) to the floor as Neville stumbled backward, causing Malfoy to let out a derisive (snort). Professor McGonagall tried to (bewitch) the spilled potion before it spread further. Moaning Myrtle began to (wail) from the bathroom pipes. Harry could hear Crabbe and Goyle (sniggering) from the back row while Hermione (crouched) to help clean up the mess. Professor Snape approached with a disapproving (scowl) and took a dismissive (sniff) of the ruined brew. "Just my luck," (mumbled) Neville as he watched his hopes of passing Potions (drown) in the spreading puddle.
Professor Flitwick moved (briskly) through the corridor while Ron tried to (muffle) his laughter. The castle walls echoed (dully) as something seemed to (lurk) in the shadows. Harry felt a strange tickle in his (nostril) just before the twins (hurtled) past them in a rush. "How dare they run in the halls!" exclaimed Percy (indignantly) as dust began to (swirl) around them. "We should follow them," (croaked) Ron, pointing to a mysterious map (dangling) from Fred's back pocket.
A strange light seemed to (beckon) them toward a hidden (passageway) behind the tapestry. Hagrid stroked his bushy (mustache) and let out a nervous (chuckle) as leaves on the ground (rustled) without any wind. Harry's scar began to (bulge) painfully as they suspected someone had cast a (jinx) on the corridor. Malfoy tried to (shove) his way to the front of the gathered students. An angry centaur emerged from the shadows to (spit) harsh warnings at them. "My magic feels (feeble) here," whispered Hermione as they hesitated to continue.
Harry adjusted his broken (spectacles) as students (bustled) around him in the corridor. Ron (slumped) against the wall exhausted from Quidditch practice while Neville (staggered) under the weight of his books. The stone (gargoyle) guarding Dumbledore's office began to (whirl) revealing the spiral staircase. First-years (gaped) in amazement at the moving staircases. The sudden appearance of Nearly Headless Nick (startled) a group of Hufflepuffs. Professor Snape watched (gloomily) as Fred and George's magical fireworks (swinged) overhead in colorful arcs.
The music from the Great Hall could be heard (faintly) as Peeves screeched (shrilly) at passing students. Filch the (caretaker) (brandished) his mop threateningly as Mrs. Norris circled his ankles. Hermione's hair was (tangled) from the windy Quidditch match. Dumbledore's eyes (twinkled) with amusement at the students' (outrage) over canceled Hogsmeade visits. Hagrid (stumped) across the grounds toward his hut. Harry and Ron rushed through the castle (archway) to avoid being late. Ron let out a long (yawn) after their midnight adventure.
Rumors of a (basilisk) in the castle spread fear among students. Rain (pelted) against the windows as they (crammed) into the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom. Harry (crumpled) the note from Sirius and tucked it safely away. Neville examined his broken wand (twig) while Professor McGonagall watched them (intently). The sound of Professor Binns' students (snoring) drifted from the History of Magic classroom. Malfoy (skidded) on the (slimy) dungeon floor as Harry's jinx hit him. Ron's cleansweep (zoomed) across the Quidditch pitch as he chased the Quaffle.
The lake (shimmered) in the moonlight as Hagrid (hoisted) a crate of magical creatures onto his table. Tears (trickled) down Hermione's face after Malfoy's cruel remarks. "We need to hurry," whispered Ron (hoarsely) as they navigated the corridor lit (dimly) by torches. The crowd (applauded) as Harry caught the Snitch in record time. Professor McGonagall stared (incredulously) at their explanation. Neville (stumbled) over his robes while climbing the stairs. Harry (clambered) through the portrait hole as Malfoy (drawled) insults behind them.
Ron (goggled) at the pile of gold in Harry's vault at Gringotts. The Hogwarts Express (lurched) forward as it departed from Platform 9¾. Harry's heart (thumped) when he spotted Ginny in the crowd. Draco was transformed into a (ferret) by Professor Moody to everyone's delight. "That was absolutely (dreadful)," said Hermione about their Potions exam. They walked (cautiously) past the sleeping three-headed dog. Moody's wooden leg (clunked) on the stone floor as he approached. "Twenty points from Gryffindor," Professor Snape said (curtly). Professor Flitwick's wand (swished) through the air, demonstrating the charm. The (gloomy) dungeon was filled with strange-smelling potions.
Spiders (scuttled) across the dungeon floor as Peeves (cackled) mischievously overhead. The giant chess piece began to (topple) as Ron sacrificed his knight. Harry (blundered) into Filch while under the invisibility cloak. Hermione (gritted) her teeth with determination as she faced the troll. The monster's eyes were mere (slits) in its massive head. Ron (nudged) Harry and pointed at Snape's suspicious behavior. Harry (winced) as his scar burned painfully. "Get behind me," Hagrid said (gruffly) as they heard something approaching. The carriage (jolted) violently as it traveled the bumpy path to Hogwarts.
"You shouldn't be out after curfew," Professor McGonagall said (sternly). The centaurs (galloped) through the Forbidden Forest as Harry and Hermione hid. Ron let out a (yelp) when the garden gnome bit his finger. Lupin's voice was (hoarse) from his recent transformation. Harry's scar began to (throb) as Voldemort's presence grew stronger. They discovered a hidden (alleyway) behind Honeydukes sweet shop. Hagrid poured tea from a large ceramic (jug) for his visitors. The potion allowed Harry to (disguise) himself as Goyle. The captured Devil's Snare began to (writhe) and twist. Hermione opened the mysterious package (tentatively).
Students (huddled) together in fear as Professor Trelawney made another dire prediction. Professor Flitwick's finger (crooked) as he directed the enchanted orchestra. "Voldemort tried to (strangle) Harry Potter," whispered a first-year. Peeves grinned (gleefully) as he dropped water balloons on unsuspecting students. The (gloom) of the shrieking shack made them all nervous. Professor Sprout was taken (aback) by Neville's extensive knowledge of magical plants. "We'll (starve) if we don't find the kitchens soon," complained Ron. Madam Pomfrey applied a (bandage) to Harry's Quidditch injury. Mrs. Weasley made a (fuss) over Harry's thin appearance. "I'm exhausted," said Harry (wearily) after their Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson.
Hermione (rummaged) through her bag for her Transfiguration homework. The Weasley twins' antics (amused) even the strictest professors. Hagrid's (bushy) beard was covered in frost from the winter weather. Their successful vanishing spells (astonished) Professor McGonagall. The snake began to (slither) toward Harry as he spoke parseltongue. The Hogwarts Express was (squashed) with students returning for the new term. Harry felt a (prickle) of unease as he entered the forbidden section of the library. Cornelius Fudge adjusted his lime-green (bowler) hat nervously. "That absolute (git)," muttered Ron as Malfoy strutted past. The sudden appearance of the Bloody Baron gave Neville a terrible (fright).
"I did not put my name in that cup!" Harry insisted (hotly). The Dark Mark seemed to (sear) itself into Harry's mind. Memories of his parents (haunted) Harry throughout his time at Hogwarts. Mandrake leaves began to (sprout) in Professor Sprout's greenhouse. Harry (dodged) Filch by ducking behind a suit of armor. "Seems like a decent (bloke)," said Ron about the new professor. Lupin's (shabby) robes contrasted with the other professors' fine attire. The scent of treacle tart (lingered) in the Great Hall after dinner. Hermione looked (triumphant) when her complex charm worked perfectly. Professor McGonagall was (livid) after finding students out of bed past curfew.
Tiny waves (rippled) across the surface of the Black Lake. Ron's cauldron began to (sputter) dangerously in Potions class. Troll ears (protruded) from Hagrid's latest magical collection. The (leprechaun) gold vanished from Ron's pocket by morning. Professor Moody took a swig from his mysterious (flask). Professor McGonagall stood (stiffly) by the entrance hall. Neville (flinched) as Snape approached his cauldron. Harry's (knuckles) whitened as he gripped his wand tightly. Potion ingredients (splattered) across the dungeon when Seamus' cauldron exploded. The Devil's Snare began to (wriggle) around Harry's ankles as he tried to escape.
"This (ruddy) cat keeps following me," complained Ron about Mrs. Norris. The trio moved on (tiptoe) past Filch's office. The shadowy figure of Snape seemed to (loom) over the first-years. The classroom door was left (ajar), revealing a strange light inside. Hermione tried to (stifle) her laughter at Ron's transfiguration mishap. The injured bowtruckle's leaves began to (droop) in Hagrid's hand. The werewolf (lunged) toward them as they backed away. The Boggart began to (dissolve) when faced with the Riddikulus charm. "We should tell Dumbledore," Hermione whispered in an (undertone). The hippogriffs paced restlessly in their (paddock) as the storm approached.
The fire (crackled) in the Gryffindor common room as they studied. Harry (swerved) on his broom to avoid the incoming Bludger. Hermione would (devote) every spare moment to preparing for exams. The headmaster's chair on the (dais) remained empty during dinner. Buckbeak (ruffled) his feathers indignantly when approached incorrectly. Hagrid's (shaggy) dog bounded across the grounds to greet them. The (chilly) dungeon made them shiver during Potions class. First-years would (cower) whenever Snape swept past them. Dementors began to (swarm) around the Quidditch pitch. Neville let out a frightened (whimper) as they entered the Forbidden Forest.
Students (mingled) in the Great Hall before the start of term feast. Moonlight (glimmered) on the surface of the Pensieve. Harry's hand was (swollen) from Umbridge's cruel detention. Slytherins would (jeer) at Harry after Rita Skeeter's articles. Filch (leered) at students as he threatened punishment. Black curtains (draped) the windows during the Triwizard Tournament. Professor Binns continued to lecture while students (dozed) in the warm classroom. Crookshanks would (purr) contentedly on Hermione's lap. Professor Trelawney adjusted her (shawl) dramatically before making another prediction. Ron's constant questions began to (exasperate) Hermione during study sessions.
Hagrid took a hearty (swig) from his tankard. Ron's (freckles) stood out against his pale face as they faced danger. Harry had to (jog) to keep up with Hagrid's giant strides. Professor Quirrell's (turban) concealed a terrible secret. Sirius looked (gaunt) after his time in Azkaban. Snape would (fume) whenever Harry escaped punishment. They whispered carefully, aware of Filch within (earshot). Firenze moved to Harry's (flank) protectively as centaurs approached. The basilisk's gaze would (petrify) its victims instantly. Harry turned the (doorknob) slowly, not knowing what awaited them.
Harry had to (grope) through the darkness when his wand went out. Neville (fumbled) with his remembrall as it glowed red. An (eerie) silence fell over the forest as they ventured deeper. The beauty of the phoenixes (transfixed) even Malfoy. Harry felt (cornered) as Umbridge and her Inquisitorial Squad surrounded him. The centaur's (hoof) pawed the ground impatiently. Ron (sprawled) across the floor after being hit by the chess queen. Harry didn't mean to (offend) the house-elf with his offer of clothes. "Please believe me," Harry would (plead) about Voldemort's return. Hermione's arm was (bruised) from their escape on Buckbeak.
Professor Snape prepared the (antidote) for the poisoned mead. Malfoy would (squirm) uncomfortably when questioned about his suspicious activities. Professor McGonagall (glowered) at students breaking curfew. Dumbledore performed a complex (incantation) that filled the cave with light. The Room of Requirement (dazzled) them with its collection of hidden objects. Harry would (stow) his invisibility cloak safely in his trunk. Delicious smells from the feast would (tempt) them away from studies. "I won't back down," Harry stated (defiantly) to Umbridge. Hagrid (kneeled) beside the injured unicorn. Ron filled his (tankard) with butterbeer at The Three Broomsticks.
Harry felt (apprehensive) about facing the Hungarian Horntail. Birds (twittered) cheerfully in the Forbidden Forest, unaware of the danger. The graveyard (headstone) bore the name Tom Riddle. Filch would (wheeze) as he chased after troublemaking students. "I-I saw something," Quirrell would (stammer) unconvincingly. The tower seemed to (totter) beneath them during the battle. Snape's robes would (billow) dramatically as he stormed through corridors. Filch appeared (disgruntled) when Dumbledore canceled his punishment plans. Snape's (greasy) hair hung like curtains around his face. The thestral would (trot) patiently as they prepared for flight.
Rats (scurried) away as they entered the shrieking shack. Brooms (whooshed) overhead during the Quidditch match. The scent of potions (wafted) through the dungeon corridors. "Do your homework," muttered Hermione (grumpily) as the boys played chess. Harry writhed in (agony) as his scar burned fiercely. The cornish (pixie) caused chaos in Lockhart's classroom. The (rooster)'s crow was fatal to the basilisk. The staircases would (revolve) unexpectedly, confusing first-years. Professor Sprout used mandrake roots to (revive) the petrified students. The Chamber of Secrets could only be opened by Slytherin's (heir).
Harry would (incline) his head respectfully to the centaurs. The acromantula's (pincers) clicked menacingly in the darkness. Hagrid tried to (restrain) the blast-ended skrewts during class. Fred and George would (wrestle) playfully in the Burrow's living room. Family photos adorned the (mantelpiece) in the Weasley home. Mandrakes let out a (shrill) cry when pulled from their pots. Moaning Myrtle's (watery) eyes filled with ghostly tears. Spells would (whiz) past them during the battle at the Ministry. Ancient stonework began to (crumble) as the troll rampaged through the bathroom. Hagrid's massive (overcoat) contained numerous mysterious pockets.
The Fat Lady's portrait began to (sag) after the troll's attack. Goblins (squatted) around the Gringotts conference table. Pixies would (flit) around the classroom causing mayhem. Harry stood in a (daze) after witnessing the third task tragedy. The Pensieve was filled to the (brim) with swirling memories. The situation became more (complicated) when Umbridge took over. Hermione became (frantic) when the boys disappeared before the task. The boar's (snout) appeared briefly through the forest undergrowth. Professor Flitwick began to (splutter) in shock at Umbridge's decrees. The acromantula was truly (monstrous) in size as it emerged from the forest.
Malfoy would (slouch) against the wall with his usual arrogance. The strange (racket) from Hagrid's hut suggested another dangerous creature. Werewolves (prowled) the forest during full moons. The captured grindylow would (thrash) in its tank during lessons. Hermione searched (feverishly) through books for information about the Sorcerer's Stone. The giant squid's (tentacle) rose from the Black Lake surface. Filch would (confiscate) joke items from the Weasley twins. "That's completely unfair," Harry would (retort) to Snape's accusations. First-years glanced (apprehensively) at the Sorting Hat. Professor Snape knew how to (sever) the connections between memories.
Nearly Headless Nick's (ghostly) form glided through the Great Hall. An (ominous) rumble of thunder preceded the storm. Professor Dumbledore would (summon) the entire school for important announcements. Ron looked (thunderstruck) when Hermione arrived at the Yule Ball. Dumbledore smiled (serenely) despite the Ministry's interference. "Lockhart's a complete (nutter)," muttered Ron after another useless defense lesson. Professor McGonagall expressed (indignation) at Umbridge's teaching methods. The (executioner) arrived to carry out the sentence on Buckbeak. The conditions at Azkaban would (appall) even the strictest Ministry officials. Hagrid stared (glumly) at the remains of his destroyed home.
The surface of the lake would (glisten) under the morning sun. The armchairs in the Gryffindor common room were comfortably (squashy). "May I try?" asked Neville (timidly) during Charms practice. Leaves would (shrivel) under the effects of Professor Sprout's potion. The hippogriff's magnificent (mane) gleamed in the sunlight. The sound of Filch's footsteps would (grate) against the stone floor as he patrolled. First-years tended to (babble) nervously when called upon by Professor Snape. McGonagall's (astonishment) was evident when Harry produced a full Patronus. The ceiling of the Great Hall appeared (starry) during the evening feast. Harry enjoyed the (treacle) tart more than any other dessert at Hogwarts.
Hermione would (scrawl) notes frantically during History of Magic. Hagrid's enormous (boarhound) bounded across the grounds to greet them. "Potter is hopeless at potions," Snape remarked (nastily) during class. Ron would (flail) his arms when explaining Quidditch strategies. Malfoy would (taunt) Harry about the Dementors' effect on him. Professor McGonagall's (tartan) dressing gown appeared as she investigated the commotion. "That's dragon (dung)," exclaimed Ron when hearing Malfoy's excuses. The werewolf attacked (savagely) during the full moon. "This has been a (lousy) day," Harry complained after double Potions. Venomous Tentacula plants grew in (clumps) in Greenhouse Three.
The Whomping Willow's (gnarled) branches swung dangerously as they approached. "Everything will be fine," Hermione tried to (reassure) an anxious Neville before exams. Dumbledore could (subdue) even the most dangerous magical creatures with ease. Harry waited (tensely) for news about Sirius. The Boggart began to (wobble) as it prepared to transform. Professor Slughorn let out a (hearty) laugh at Harry's joke. Professor Snape's (brow) furrowed in concentration as he examined the potion. Minerva McGonagall became (headmistress) after Dumbledore's departure. "Please let him be okay," Hermione prayed (fervently) as they searched for Harry. The Knight Bus would (shunt) violently between locations as it transported passengers.
Malfoy's face would (contort) with anger when Harry outsmarted him. A (wisp) of silver memory floated into the Pensieve. Hermione would (pore) over ancient texts searching for answers. Cornelius Fudge wore his favorite (pinstripe) suit to the Triwizard Tournament. Ron began to (vomit) slugs after his spell backfired. The dragon's (scaly) hide reflected spells harmlessly. The Golden Snitch (alighted) briefly on Harry's sleeve before darting away. Professor McGonagall (hastened) to stop the duel in the corridor. Hagrid filled a (flagon) with pumpkin juice for Harry. Ancient (runes) lined the walls of the mysterious chamber they discovered.
Lucky (shamrock) decorations filled the Great Hall during the Irish Quidditch team's visit. Yellow (pus) oozed from the bubotuber plants in Herbology. Fred and George would (chortle) when their pranks succeeded. Hagrid's (knobbly) fingers carefully tended to magical creatures. Ron would (snooze) through History of Magic lectures. Crabbe attempted to (whack) the Bludger during the Quidditch match. The Polyjuice Potion looked (lumpy) and unappetizing in the cauldron. The (hag) lurked in the shadows of Knockturn Alley. A (minuscule) fairy light guided them through the darkness. Students would (jostle) each other for a better view of the Triwizard Tournament.
Ron looked unusually (pasty) after seeing the giant spiders. Sir Nicholas adjusted his (ruff) before his Deathday Party. The edges of the Marauder's Map began to (fray) from frequent use. Suits of armor would (clang) as Peeves knocked them over. Filch would (grumble) about students tracking mud into the castle. The Patronus cast a (luminous) glow across the lake. "Don't touch that!" warned Professor Sprout (crossly). Harry stared (fixedly) at the mysterious door in his dreams. Goblets would (clink) together during Hogwarts feasts. Professor Trelawney made another (alarming) prediction about Harry's future.
Sirius appeared unnaturally (bony) after his time in Azkaban. Professor Binns would (loll) in midair as he droned on about goblin rebellions. Ron began to (hiccough) when Fred and George tested products on him. The threat of (expulsion) loomed over them after flying the car to Hogwarts. Malfoy would (gloat) whenever Slytherin gained house points. The common room (hearth) provided warmth during the winter months. Professor McGonagall appeared (flustered) by Umbridge's inspection. Filch searched relentlessly for the (culprit) behind the dungbomb incident. Dumbledore took every (precaution) to protect the Philosopher's Stone. Ron proudly wore his Gryffindor (rosette) during the Quidditch final.
Voldemort was (obsessed) with finding the Elder Wand. The lightning scar was (etched) permanently on Harry's forehead. "Potter is hopeless," remarked Snape (scathingly) during Potions. Professor Flitwick's (stubby) fingers demonstrated the proper wand movement. The house-elf's (beady) eyes widened at Harry's kindness. Dumbledore's face (wrinkled) with concern as he examined the cursed ring. Harry enjoyed Hagrid's (marmalade) despite its unusual consistency. The Quidditch ball (punctured) after a particularly forceful hit. Filch's (grubby) hands clutched his punishment lists eagerly. The small bells on Dobby's hat would (tinkle) as he moved about.
The (spindly) legs of Professor Trelawney's table trembled under the weight of tea cups. "It wasn't me!" Neville would (blurt) out when something went wrong. The pumpkin (tart) was Harry's favorite dessert at the Halloween feast. Peeves the (poltergeist) delighted in causing chaos throughout the castle. Students became (drenched) during the storm before reaching Hogwarts. Professor Quirrell would (hunch) over suspiciously during meals. Peeves cackled with (glee) at the students' misfortune. Professor Trelawney's glasses sat (askew) on her nose. The twins' latest prank caused an (uproar) in the Great Hall. Ron fell (headfirst) into the snowdrift while avoiding Filch.
Hermione would (nag) them about completing homework on time. "These potions (stink) worse than troll droppings," complained Ron. Professor Flitwick maintained a (cheery) disposition despite challenging circumstances. Professor Dumbledore wore purple (slippers) during night-time wanderings. The (overgrown) garden at the Burrow concealed gnomes and magical plants. Umbridge would (simper) when addressing the Minister of Magic. The ghost's chains would (clank) as he drifted through the castle. Plants would (wither) under the effects of dragon breath. The fur on McGonagall's cat form would (bristle) when she was angry. Harry became (immersed) in memories while using the Pensieve.
Buckbeak was (tethered) carefully outside Hagrid's hut. First-years looked (awestruck) during their first view of Hogwarts. Dumbledore could (banish) even the most powerful curses with a flick of his wand. The Nearly Headless Nick's (pearly) form glided through the walls. Sirius let out an (anguished) cry when finding James and Lily. Professor Snape seemed particularly (irritable) during the full moon. Hermione looked (aghast) at Ron's poorly written essay. Professor McGonagall's (shrewd) eyes missed nothing in her classroom. Snape would make (snide) remarks about Harry's fame. Ron would (keel) over at the sight of large spiders.
Moaning Myrtle became (hysterical) when teased about her death. The sudden (commotion) in the hallway drew Professor McGonagall's attention. Tom Riddle had grown up in a Muggle (orphanage) before Hogwarts. Dumbledore's brow would (furrow) in concentration during difficult magic. Blood (spattered) the walls when the Chamber was opened. Ron looked (bemused) by Hermione's complex explanations. Harry would (grimace) when his scar pained him. Harry had to (muster) all his courage to face the Hungarian Horntail. The moving staircases would (agitate) nervous first-years. Professor McGonagall (roused) the Gryffindors for emergency evacuation.
"Percy is such a (prat)," Ron complained after another lecture about rule-following. Harry learned to (deflect) spells during Dumbledore's Army meetings. Professor Snape's (abrupt) departure silenced the classroom. "Go to Dumbledore (straightaway)," urged Hermione when Harry's scar hurt. Professor Sprout adjusted her flyaway hair (bun) before beginning the lesson. Students wore dragon-hide (earmuffs) when handling Mandrakes. Sirius Black was considered a dangerous (maniac) by the wizarding world. Crookshanks would (whine) at the door when wanting to hunt. Neville would (fidget) nervously during Potions examinations. Ginny would (clasp) her wand tightly during Dumbledore's Army practice.
The Mirror of Erised's powerful (enchantment) entranced Harry for nights. "Good morning," (piped) Professor Flitwick from his stack of books. Malfoy would (sidle) up to Snape to report rule-breaking. "I finished it ages ago," said Hermione (airily) about her homework. Devil's Snare would (cling) tightly to anyone who struggled against it. The sight of the injured unicorn made Harry feel (sickened). Harry used his (binoculars) to search for the Snitch during the match. The animated (chessman) bowed to Ron before taking position. The entire contents of Neville's trunk were (upturned) by the searching thief. Hermione would (skim) books quickly for relevant information.
The hippogriff rose on its (hind) legs before bowing to Harry. The unicorn would (canter) gracefully through the Forbidden Forest. Voldemort's (downfall) was celebrated throughout the wizarding world. The ancient (warlock) had discovered twelve uses of dragon's blood. Harry's trunk contained a (jumble) of school supplies and wizarding possessions. Harry handled the cursed object (gingerly) to avoid touching it directly. Professor Snape looked (sulky) when Gryffindor won the House Cup. The abandoned cottage on the (moor) concealed their temporary hideout. Harry's heart seemed to (plummet) when he heard the bad news. Harry felt a (twinge) of guilt for not telling Ron the truth.
"When will you learn?" asked Professor McGonagall (testily). Ginny appeared (drowsy) after her ordeal in the Chamber of Secrets. Harry became (preoccupied) with discovering the Half-Blood Prince's identity. Ron's ears would (redden) when embarrassed or angry. The fairy lights would (twirl) around the Christmas trees in the Great Hall. Harry felt his strength (ebb) after the encounter with Dementors. Fleur maintained perfect (poise) despite the chaos of the wedding attack. The Time-Turner would (whir) softly as Hermione used it. Insulting a hippogriff was a serious (affront) that could lead to injury. Harry's hair remained perpetually (disheveled) despite attempts to tame it.
Filch's (bloodshot) eyes scanned the corridors for troublemakers. The Marauder's Map would (unfurl) to reveal its secrets with the proper phrase. Borgin and Burkes occupied a shadowy (parlor) in Knockturn Alley. "Harry is not lying!" insisted Hermione (heatedly). First-years would watch (avidly) as the Quidditch teams practiced. Hagrid's coat was always (sodden) after tending creatures in the rain. The Dark Mark on Snape's (forearm) connected him to his complicated past. As team captain, Harry was (entitled) to use the prefects' bathroom. Professor Trelawney's (navel)-gazing predictions rarely came true. Hot butterbeer would (slop) over mugs as Madam Rosmerta served crowded tables.
Goyle began to (regurgitate) after eating too many pumpkin pasties. The (merman) surfaced from the Black Lake during the Triwizard Tournament. Xenophilius Lovegood adjusted his golden (monocle) to examine the Quibbler's latest edition. Harry attended the Quidditch (tryout) hoping to join the Gryffindor team. "Luna's not a (weirdo), she's just different," Harry defended his friend. The door let out a (squeaky) sound as they entered the abandoned classroom. Harry's confidence began to (falter) as the dragon approached. The heavy stone door wouldn't (budge) despite their combined efforts. Moaning Myrtle began to (bawl) when reminded of her death. The important letter was torn to (shreds) before they could read it.
Professor Sprout would (amble) between the greenhouse tables checking students' work. Neville carefully (pruned) his Venomous Tentacula plant during Herbology. Hagrid showed them a rare magical (takin) he had acquired. Harry's name was (engraved) on the Quidditch trophy like his father's. The crowd let out a (whoop) when Harry caught the Snitch. "It's just a (trifle)," said Mrs. Weasley as she served a massive dessert. The (rickety) stairs of the Burrow creaked under their weight. Ron found himself in a (pickle) after accidentally insulting the Veela. The cauldron continued to (simmer) as Hermione added the final ingredient. Filch would (stomp) through the corridors hunting for rule-breakers.
They had to (trudge) through deep snow to reach Hogsmeade. Hagrid went (berserk) when he found his pumpkins destroyed. Ron enjoyed a buttered (crumpet) while studying in the Gryffindor common room. Crabbe and Goyle got into a (scuffle) with some Hufflepuffs. Malfoy would (skulk) around corners hoping to catch Harry breaking rules. Professor Binns floated (idly) above his chair during lessons. The Slytherin Beater hit the Bludger (viciously) toward Harry. A (banshee)'s wail could be heard from Professor Lupin's classroom. "That shopkeeper seemed (dodgy)," whispered Ron as they left Knockturn Alley. A (ghoul) lived in the Weasleys' attic, clanking pipes through the night.
Ron would (twiddle) his thumbs nervously before Quidditch matches. The stone steps were worn and (uneven) after centuries of use. The Chamber of Secrets was a (cavernous) space beneath the school. The Hog's Head Inn was (dingy) compared to The Three Broomsticks. Neville's wand hung (limply) from his fingers after being disarmed. Rain would (lash) against the castle windows during autumn storms. Hermione tried to (lighten) the mood after their near expulsion. Crabbe and Goyle were Malfoy's loyal (cronies) throughout their school years. Harry felt like he might (retch) after seeing the effects of the Polyjuice Potion.
Professor McGonagall wouldn't (dignify) Umbridge's accusations with a response. A (salamander) scurried through the flames in the Gryffindor fireplace. Hagrid let out a hearty (guffaw) at Ron's impression of Snape. Professor Snape would (punctuate) his lectures with piercing stares. A (vulture) circled ominously over the Forbidden Forest. "It will be alright," Molly Weasley said (soothingly) to the frightened first-years. Harry's anger began to (subside) as he understood Dumbledore's reasoning. "I will protect Hogwarts," declared Dumbledore (solemnly). Professor McGonagall's (steely) gaze silenced the chattering students. Malfoy made (derisive) comments about Hagrid's teaching abilities.
The puddle began to (evaporate) under the warm spring sun. Nifflers would (scamper) around searching for shiny objects. The students were (astounded) by Dumbledore's powerful magic. "I need to (confide) something important," Harry whispered to Ron and Hermione. The hippogriff's sharp (talons) gleamed in the sunlight. Snape looked (contemptuously) at Harry's failed potion attempt. Professor McGonagall stared (pointedly) at the whispering students. "I didn't do it," said Neville (innocently) as the toad escaped. "I've read all about it," said Hermione (loftily) regarding the history of Hogwarts. Filch cast (furtive) glances around corners hunting for students out after curfew.
The wild (boar) charged through the edge of the Forbidden Forest. Peeves looked (gleeful) as he prepared another prank. Professor Trelawney's room was decorated with (chintz) armchairs and teacups. Dumbledore spoke with (admiration) about Harry's courage against Voldemort. The Shield Charm would (repel) most minor jinxes and hexes. Neville landed hard on his (backside) after falling off his broom. The (surly) barman at the Hog's Head barely acknowledged their presence. Harry felt a (pang) of guilt about not telling Dumbledore everything. First-years looked (awed) by the enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall. Hagrid's (unkempt) beard contained various crumbs and even small creatures.
The centaurs would (chant) mysterious predictions in the forest clearing. Molly Weasley magically (embroidered) Christmas sweaters for everyone. The sound of the explosion (reverberated) throughout the dungeons. Fred and George would (eavesdrop) on Order meetings using Extendable Ears. Filch's (grimy) hands clutched a list of banned items. Madame Maxime was a (giantess) who matched Hagrid in height. Crookshanks stretched out on the (hearthrug) before the common room fire. The (barman) at the Three Broomsticks served butterbeers to the Hogwarts students. The (tawny) owl delivered the Daily Prophet each morning. "That's (downright) dangerous," exclaimed Ron about the Triwizard tasks.
Lockhart would (flatter) himself in every Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. The giant (constrictor) snake escaped from the zoo before Harry received his Hogwarts letter. A (throng) of students gathered around the Quidditch pitch. Hogwarts castle had many (turrets) reaching toward the sky. "I am the new headmaster," announced Percy (pompously) during Fred and George's daydream charm. The portrait would (tickle) the pear to reveal the entrance to the kitchens. Professor Binns would (drone) on about goblin rebellions while students dozed. Professor McGonagall would (tut) disapprovingly at students breaking rules. Molly Weasley created a (patchwork) quilt for each of her children. Ron would (drool) in his sleep, much to Hermione's disgust.
Harry would (overhear) important conversations that adults tried to hide. Hermione could (recite) entire textbooks from memory. Professor Quirrell would (stutter) dramatically, especially about dangerous topics. Harry noticed a (speck) of golden light that turned out to be the Snitch. Lee Jordan would (commentate) the Quidditch matches with obvious Gryffindor bias. Students kissed awkwardly under the (mistletoe) during Christmas at Hogwarts. The chocolate frog performed a perfect (somersault) before hopping away. Hagrid would try to (soothe) dangerous creatures with gentle words. Pumpkin juice would (dribble) down Ron's chin as he ate hastily. Hermione sighed with (exasperation) at the boys' procrastination.
Harry ran his (fingertip) along the raised scar on his forehead. Fred and George grinned (slyly) as they planned their next prank. Rita Skeeter was an incredibly (nosy) reporter who twisted the truth. Hagrid would occasionally (belch) loudly during meals in the Great Hall. "Trelawney is a complete (lunatic)," whispered Ron during Divination. Harry felt a (cramp) in his leg after hours of Quidditch practice. Professor McGonagall wore a tartan (nightdress) when investigating disturbances. Harry felt (dizzy) after being hit by the Bludger. Malfoy would (jab) his wand threateningly toward first-years. Dudley would (pummel) any child who befriended Harry in primary school.
Christmas decorations hung from every (bough) in the Great Hall. Ron enjoyed the (custard) tart during the welcoming feast. Students sat at long (trestle) tables in the Great Hall for meals. Harry looked Voldemort (squarely) in the eyes as he faced him. The Grindylow would (wiggle) its long fingers to attract prey. Their footsteps would (squelch) in the mud near Hagrid's hut. Hermione carried a (sheaf) of parchment for additional notes. Harry listened (keenly) for any mention of Voldemort's plans. "He's gone," Nearly Headless Nick said (mournfully) about the Bloody Baron. Sirius looked (glum) about being confined to Grimmauld Place.
Harry hoped to (recapture) the feeling of his first flight on a broomstick. Professor Snape cast a (murderous) look at Harry during Potions. A (flurry) of owls arrived during breakfast with the daily mail. Harry felt a sense of (foreboding) as his scar began to burn. The strange sound filled them with (unease) as they entered the forest. "Death Eaters are (scum)," growled Mad-Eye Moody during his lesson. Mrs. Weasley wore her favorite (cardigan) while cooking at the Burrow. Professor Sprout stirred a potion in a large copper (saucepan). Students wore woolen (balaclavas) during winter Herbology lessons. Ron ran (headlong) into the barrier at Platform 9¾ when it mysteriously sealed.
Scars (crisscrossed) Mad-Eye Moody's weathered face. Snape would (interrogate) students about missing potion ingredients. Harry slid down the (banister) to reach the common room quickly. Hagrid would (hurl) rocks into the Black Lake to greet the giant squid. The daylight began to (recede) as they ventured deeper into the forest. Magical (confetti) rained down in the Great Hall during celebrations. Broken glass was (strewn) across the floor after the explosion. Lee Jordan used a magical (megaphone) to announce Quidditch matches. The hippogriff's talons (grazed) Malfoy's arm during Care of Magical Creatures. The prophecy contained (troubling) news about Harry's connection to Voldemort.
Moody's (watchful) magical eye could see through invisibility cloaks. The Boggart moved (jerkily) as it prepared to transform. Green slime (oozed) from the burst pods in Herbology. Tiny (flecks) of potion splashed dangerously near their faces. Snape appeared (resentful) whenever Harry received praise. Harry's scar would (itch) painfully in Voldemort's presence. Harry packed his (suitcase) eagerly before returning to Hogwarts. The teacup rattled on its (saucer) as Professor Trelawney made predictions. Eloise Midgen tried to curse her (pimple) away with disastrous results. Uncle Vernon wore a striped (nightshirt) when investigating noises downstairs.
Madam Pomfrey offered a healing (tonic) for Harry's Quidditch injuries. The Reductor Curse would (propel) objects backward with great force. Draco looked (pallid) with fear when entering the Forbidden Forest. Professor Flitwick taught them to (levitate) feathers during Charms. Harry's hands felt (clammy) before the first Triwizard task. Peeves would (disrupt) examinations with loud noises and pranks. Dumbledore raised his (forefinger) to silence the Great Hall. "I am a prefect," said Percy (haughtily) when enforcing school rules. Neville teetered on the (verge) of tears after Snape's criticism. Anger seemed to (seethe) within Harry during his fifth year.
The silver instruments began to (tarnish) in Dumbledore's unused office. Wand movements would (flourish) dramatically during Lockhart's demonstrations. Fred and George would (skive) off lessons to develop joke products. Hagrid carried a large (hump) of firewood on his massive shoulders. Harry would (mull) over Dumbledore's cryptic advice in private. Professor McGonagall looked (stricken) when Umbridge attempted to remove Hagrid. The ancient statue stood on a marble (plinth) in the Ministry atrium. Harry would (avert) his eyes from Ginny after realizing his feelings for her. Filch would (snuff) out candles after curfew during his patrols. Neville's confidence would (waver) during difficult spellwork.
The boat nearly (overturned) as they crossed the lake to Hogwarts. Lupin was surprised to find employment as a (respectable) Hogwarts professor. Luna's strange comments would (disconcert) those who didn't know her well. Hermione would (peruse) ancient tomes searching for information about Nicholas Flamel. Buckbeak's (feathery) neck bowed gracefully before Harry. Madam Pomfrey treated Ron's (feverish) symptoms after being poisoned. The telescope (lens) revealed countless stars during Astronomy lessons. Crabbe and Goyle would (trample) smaller students in the corridors. Harry approached the hippogriff (warily) during his first Care of Magical Creatures lesson. Hagrid's beard was (grizzled) with gray after his time in Azkaban.
A cold (draught) swept through the dungeon classroom during Potions. Harry sat (moodily) by the fire after arguing with Ron. Slughorn's cauldron began to (spew) sparks when the potion overheated. Aberforth's gray (goatee) quivered as he spoke about his brother. Filch (trod) carefully through the mud, checking for student footprints. "Leave immediately," said Professor McGonagall (brusquely) during the evacuation. Harry felt (unnerved) by the strange voice he heard in the walls. The (sunlit) grounds of Hogwarts were beautiful during spring mornings. The shadows seemed to (deepen) around the Dementors as they approached. Harry felt his throat (constrict) with emotion when seeing his parents in the Mirror of Erised.
Hagrid would (bluster) about the harmlessness of his dangerous creatures. Mrs. Weasley retrieved ingredients from the kitchen (pantry) for dinner. The Quidditch (goalpost) stood tall against the stormy sky. Harry would (savor) every moment at the Burrow during summer visits. "Fine," said Professor McGonagall (grudgingly) when approving their Quidditch practice. Ron wore his brother's (baggy) hand-me-down robes for years. Filch grabbed students by the (scruff) of their necks when catching them misbehaving. The transformation spell changed the teacup into a (tortoise) during Transfiguration. The bread had gone (stale) in Hagrid's cabin after his absence. The dungeons contained (moldy) ingredients for potions that smelled terrible.
Dumbledore would (stoop) to examine curious objects more closely. Professor Lupin's voice became a (rasp) as the full moon approached. The cauldron began to (sizzle) when the wrong ingredient was added. The house-elves would (nibble) on scraps in the Hogwarts kitchen. Mrs. Norris's (whiskers) twitched as she sensed students out of bed. The potion had a green (tinge) that worried even Hermione. A (smudge) of dirt on Ron's nose caught Hermione's attention on their first train ride. Fleur would cut her food (delicately) during meals at Hogwarts. Harry enjoyed the chocolate (eclair) during Hogwarts feasts. Professor Snape's (sallow) complexion contrasted with his black robes.
Darkness began to (seep) into the sky as they searched for the missing student. Professor Trelawney's voice would (quaver) when making dire predictions. Filch would (hobble) through the corridors due to his rheumatism. Ron was (speechless) when Hermione kissed him before the battle. The Gryffindor dormitory (bedspread) featured the house colors of red and gold. "I might visit," said Sirius in an (offhand) manner before leaving. Professor Flitwick would (waggle) his wand to demonstrate proper technique. Blood would (spurt) from George's ear after it was cursed off. The jinx caused Harry to be (unseated) from his broom during the match. Luna's handwriting was (loopy) and decorated with small drawings.
Hedwig would (squawk) indignantly when kept in her cage too long. Harry would (brood) silently by the lake after difficult revelations. Mundungus Fletcher had a (shifty) look about him that Molly disliked. The hippogriff would (bate) its wings anxiously before flight. "Don't (meddle) in Ministry affairs," warned Percy in his letters. The ancient stone was covered in (mossy) growth near the lake. "She's completely (batty)," said Ron about Professor Trelawney. "Something seems (fishy) about Quirrell," Harry confided to his friends. The mystery began to (unravel) as they discovered more clues. Ron sacrificed his knight, a valuable (pawn), during the giant chess match.
Professor McGonagall could (transfigure) herself into a tabby cat at will. The group pressed (onward) despite their exhaustion and fear. Stinging (nettles) were harvested carefully during Herbology. "Your potion work is (abysmal)," sneered Snape at Neville. Hagrid gave a (pitiful) whimper when Buckbeak was sentenced. The students faced great (peril) during the Triwizard Tournament. Their robes became (soggy) as they crossed the lake in the rain. Malfoy would (strut) around Hogwarts like he owned the school. Floo powder was made from glittering (soot) that transported wizards between fireplaces. The keys would (jangle) as Filch approached students breaking curfew.
The Hogwarts Express would (trundle) steadily through the countryside toward Scotland. The castle was surrounded by (foggy) moors in the early morning. Luna's strange comments left Harry (nonplussed) during their first meeting. Hagrid's hair was (spiky) and resistant to combing. Students would (traipse) through muddy grounds after Herbology lessons. Harry listened with (rapt) attention to stories about his parents. Hermione would (devise) brilliant plans during their adventures. A broken wand was a sad (remnant) of a wizard's power. Draco looked (smug) whenever Slytherin gained house points. Neville attempted to (blot) his parchment after spilling ink during exams.
Aunt Marge's flabby (jowls) quivered as she criticized Harry. The (wreckage) of Hagrid's hut smoldered after the Death Eater attack. Mrs. Weasley levitated a large (platter) of food to the dinner table. Ron and Hermione would (bicker) constantly throughout their school years. The Black Lake would (teem) with mysterious magical creatures. The mermaid's song could barely (gurgle) through the water to Harry's ears. The voices became (indistinct) as Harry lost consciousness. The Grindylow would attach like a (leech) to passing swimmers. The Weasleys' car began to (deflate) after crashing into the Whomping Willow. Harry drank the last (dregs) of his potion before continuing the quest.
Voldemort's (malevolent) red eyes gleamed in the darkness. The serpent-shaped (knocker) on the Slytherin common room door hissed at intruders. The forest took on a (somber) atmosphere as they approached the acromantula nest. "What's all this (ado) about?" asked Professor McGonagall upon finding the commotion. Snape's (annoyance) was evident when students failed to follow instructions. Curious (onlookers) gathered around the Quidditch pitch after Harry fell. The captured Death Eaters were (imprisoned) in Azkaban after the battle. The Great Hall became (tumultuous) with cheers when Gryffindor won the House Cup. Harry's robes were (rumpled) after his encounter with the Devil's Snare. The toad had a large (wart) on its back that helped identify it.
Harry's invisibility cloak caught a (snag) on the rough stone wall. Lupin's voice sounded (croaky) the morning after his transformation. "That spoiled (brat) needs discipline," growled Filch about Malfoy. Neville touched his (scalp) where the hex had removed his hair. Harry placed a (steadying) hand on his broom during the windy match. "You can't (hoodwink) the Goblet of Fire," warned Moody to the students. Extreme (tiredness) overcame Harry after battling the dragon. Professor Binns would grade papers (absently) while floating through his desk. Dudley's (piggy) eyes narrowed suspiciously at Harry's trunk. McGonagall gave Harry a (reproachful) look for being out after curfew.
Harry's eyes (glazed) over during particularly boring History of Magic lessons. Snape's (sarcasm) was cutting whenever Gryffindors answered questions incorrectly. After the battle, Harry felt complete (exhaustion) throughout his body. Parvati wore a jingling gold (bangle) that annoyed others during quiet study periods. "Don't be late again," said Professor McGonagall (reprovingly). Ron looked (crestfallen) when his owl delivered another howler from his mother. House-elves would (assort) laundry and belongings in the Hogwarts dormitories. Narcissa Malfoy wore a (disdainful) expression when visiting Diagon Alley. The attack left a (gash) across Bill Weasley's face that wouldn't heal properly. Harry felt (desperation) growing as time ran out to find the Horcruxes.
The kettle began to (spout) steam in Hagrid's cabin. Dean Thomas was a valued (teammate) during Quidditch practice. "That's completely wrong," said Hermione (tartly) about Ron's homework. "Look out!" Harry would (exclaim) as he spotted danger approaching. People often commented on Harry's (resemblance) to his father. Hermione sobbed (convulsively) after Ron's cruel words. "Hagrid is completely (trustworthy)," Dumbledore assured the skeptical Ministry officials. Hermione would (recoil) from the smell of certain potions ingredients. Professor McGonagall maintained a (businesslike) attitude even in crisis. The (eyewitness) account of Voldemort's return was disbelieved by the Ministry.
Harry felt like he might (suffocate) under the weight of expectation. Dumbledore would (oblige) students with answers when possible. The spell would (ricochet) dangerously off stone walls when misdirected. The injured unicorn had (lain) in the forest clearing for hours. Students would (congregate) in the Great Hall during feasts and important announcements. "We should practice (beforehand)," advised Hermione about their Defense exam. Harry struggled to (disentangle) himself from the Devil's Snare. The Irish team's (mascot) leprechauns showered the crowd with gold. Neville would (gabble) nervously when called upon by Professor Snape. Hagrid would (plough) through snow drifts to reach his hut during winter.
A worried (crease) appeared between Hermione's eyebrows as she studied. Everyone waited (expectantly) for Dumbledore's speech at the feast. Fudge promised to (reinstate) Dumbledore as headmaster after the truth emerged. Harry felt (powerless) against the Ministry's campaign against him. "Silence!" commanded Snape (imperiously) when students whispered in class. The crystal ball balanced (precariously) on the edge of Professor Trelawney's table. Sirius hated being (confined) to Grimmauld Place during the war. The choir sang in perfect (unison) during the welcoming ceremony. The curse would (gouge) deep marks in the wooden desks. Hermione could (deduce) complex magical theories faster than anyone.
A magical (reindeer) pulled the Beauxbatons carriage across winter skies. Water would (gush) from broken pipes after Peeves' mischief. Harry felt growing (apprehension) as the final task approached. They climbed over a wooden (stile) to reach Hagrid's pumpkin patch. Fang would (wag) his tail excitedly when Harry visited. Umbridge would (inflict) cruel punishments during detention. Harry moved with (haste) through the corridors to reach the Room of Requirement. Only love could (vanquish) the darkness growing in the wizarding world. Neville stood (defiant) against the Death Eaters despite his fear. Professor Slughorn twirled his walrus (moustache) thoughtfully during lessons.
Professor McGonagall's (brisk) footsteps echoed in the silent corridor. Lupin's (threadbare) robes revealed his difficult financial situation. Harry would (defy) Umbridge's educational decrees despite the consequences. The aftermath of the battle was a (gruesome) sight in the once-beautiful castle. "I must (contradict) you there, Minister," said Dumbledore politely but firmly. Professor McGonagall's (tabby) cat form had distinctive spectacle markings. The (scrawny) thestral was surprisingly strong despite its appearance. Slughorn would (waddle) quickly between cauldrons during Potions lessons. The captive pixie would (gibber) frantically inside its cage. A worn (doormat) marked the entrance to Hagrid's welcoming hut.
Students needed to (tread) carefully on the moving staircases. By (nightfall), the castle grounds became strictly off-limits to students. The abandoned classroom had a (musty) smell from years of disuse. Hedwig would deliver small (pellets) of food to other owls. Harry gained (firsthand) experience fighting Dark Arts despite his youth. The streets of Diagon Alley were (cobbled) with ancient, worn stones. Pepper in a potion might cause someone to (sneeze) uncontrollably. Harry felt a strange (tingle) in his scar when Voldemort was near. Hermione could be quite (bossy) when helping others with homework. Harry's invisibility cloak felt (velvety) between his fingers as he prepared for midnight adventures.
Students would (catcall) during Quidditch matches when the opposing team made mistakes. Neville was always (jumpy) during Potions class, fearing Snape's criticism. Harry sat (numbly) after hearing the prophecy about his fate. "That will be all," said Professor McGonagall (crisply) ending the discussion. Hagrid used a large (shovel) to prepare the grounds for his magical pumpkins. Fang would (snuffle) around the edges of the Forbidden Forest searching for scents. The Whomping Willow would (mangle) anything that came within reach of its branches. Magical flowers would (blossom) overnight in Professor Sprout's greenhouse. The fire seemed to (engulf) Hagrid's entire hut during the attack. Harry attempted to (retrace) his steps to find the Room of Requirement.
The ghosts would (roam) the castle corridors freely throughout the night. Hermione's expertise in spells would (overtake) even seventh-year students. The invisibility cloak would (furl) neatly into Harry's pocket when not in use. "That complete (oaf)," Malfoy would mutter about Hagrid behind his back. The (palomino) centaur stood proudly at the edge of the forest. Students relaxed on the (grassy) slopes by the lake during spring afternoons. Harry had a special (knack) for Defense Against the Dark Arts. "I (detest) Divination," Hermione confessed after dropping the class. Students walked in (twos) and threes through Hogsmeade during weekend visits. Harry had a large (wad) of wizard money tucked safely in his trunk.
Ron was (dumbstruck) when Hermione appeared at the Yule Ball. The Triwizard Tournament became a complete (fiasco) after Cedric's tragic death. "Don't let appearances (deceive) you," warned Moody about potential dangers. The bookshelves were stacked (haphazardly) in the Room of Requirement. The dragon's (leathery) wings stretched impressively before flight. Harry's Firebolt could (outstrip) any other broom on the Quidditch pitch. Harry's stomach would (churn) nervously before important matches. Professor Sprout looked (abashed) when Dumbledore praised her Mandrakes. The crowd's (clamor) grew deafening as the Quidditch final began. Voldemort's (malice) toward Harry extended beyond rational hatred.
Dumbledore's eyes had a (glassy) appearance after the killing curse struck. Harry caught a (whiff) of treacle tart as he entered the Great Hall. "Come in, come in!" Professor Slughorn greeted them (jovially). Filch would (yank) students by their collars when catching them breaking rules. The troll would (rampage) through the bathroom, destroying stalls. Harry would (dismount) his broom gracefully after catching the Snitch. Hermione looked (smugly) at Ron when proving him wrong yet again. Strange noises would (perturb) even the bravest students in the Forbidden Forest. "Welcome back!" greeted Dumbledore (genially) at the start-of-term feast. Professor Sprout's office contained many (flowery) plants with magical properties.
A (plume) of smoke rose from Hagrid's chimney in the early morning. Harry felt (bitterness) about being kept in the dark about important matters. A large (puddle) reflected the castle lights after the evening rain. Magical (manacles) bound the prisoner securely in Azkaban. Anger seemed to (smolder) in Snape's dark eyes when regarding Harry. The (portly) innkeeper at The Three Broomsticks served them butterbeers. The Dementors would (deprive) prisoners of all happy memories. Ron thought the house-elf liberation idea was (ludicrous). Hermione would (pry) useful information from ancient books in the library. Moaning Myrtle had a (reedy) voice that echoed through the bathroom pipes.
Malfoy would (aggravate) the situation with his snide remarks. "How did he survive?" Harry asked (wonderingly) about Dumbledore's phoenix. Fudge remained (unconvinced) despite the evidence of Voldemort's return. The astronomy tower was the (loftiest) point in all of Hogwarts castle. The sky took on a (leaden) appearance before the storm hit. "Please, do come in," said Professor Slughorn with a (gracious) smile. Neville moved (clumsily) through the potions classroom, nervous about making mistakes. The butterbeer created a pleasant (froth) around Ron's mouth as he drank. The Bludger would (smack) against players with brutal force. A large crack appeared in the (windowpane) after the magical explosion.
Colorful (streamers) decorated the Great Hall during the Yule Ball. Harry would (relish) his time at the Burrow away from the Dursleys. Hermione's (outburst) about house-elf rights surprised even her friends. Ron used a napkin to (sop) up spilled pumpkin juice at dinner. The Daily Prophet printed (lurid) details about Harry's supposed instability. Hagrid would (recount) dangerous adventures with alarming enthusiasm. The (raucous) laughter from the Slytherin table drew Professor McGonagall's attention. Students had to navigate through (brambles) to reach Care of Magical Creatures class. Harry would (undress) quickly in the cold dormitory during winter nights. The army grew increasingly (mutinous) under Umbridge's oppressive rule.
The stack of books began to (teeter) dangerously on Hermione's desk. Hagrid kept a tight (rein) on the hippogriff during its first meeting with students. The second task was a difficult (ordeal) that tested Harry's resourcefulness. Each champion received fifty points (apiece) for completing the first task. The centaurs considered humans to be foolish younger (eld) creatures with limited understanding. Ron's robes were too short, revealing his (waistband) when he reached upward. Professor Trelawney practiced (palmistry) with reluctant students during Divination. The situation went completely (haywire) when the pixies escaped their cage. "I'm not sure," replied Harry (blandly) to avoid Umbridge's interrogation. The common room contained plush (poufs) for students to sit on during study sessions.
The tiara was (encrusted) with diamonds and sapphires that gleamed in the light. "Is it really over?" asked Hermione (tremulously) after the final battle. Returning to (mundane) chores at the Dursleys was difficult after Hogwarts adventures. Ginny looked (ecstatic) when Gryffindor won the Quidditch Cup. Peeves would become (manic) with excitement during end-of-term celebrations. Snape appeared (sullen) during the Christmas feast at Hogwarts. The injured student was carried on a magical (stretcher) to the hospital wing. The unicorn looked unexpectedly (frail) as it lay wounded in the forest. The greenhouse had a rich (earthy) smell that reminded Harry of freedom. Being with the Dursleys was a summer (torment) that Harry endured yearly.
First-years often became (panicky) when facing their first flying lesson. "But Professor—" Hermione would try to (interject) during lessons when she knew the answer. Dumbledore would (uphold) the ancient traditions of Hogwarts with reverence. House-elves would (mince) around the kitchen preparing elaborate meals. Silver (tinsel) decorated the Christmas trees in the Great Hall. The mysterious diary began to (intrigue) Ginny more each day. The stunning spell would (dislodge) objects when it missed its target. The Room of Requirement was (cluttered) with generations of hidden objects. A Quidditch match (flier) posted on the common room bulletin board caught Harry's attention. Fred and George could (juggle) up to six objects simultaneously to entertain younger students.
Harry behaved (uncharacteristically) boldly when confronting Umbridge about her methods. The Quidditch players zoomed down the (chute) during their entrance to the stadium. A (breezy) afternoon made for perfect flying conditions during practice. The secret passage had a (dank) smell from years of disuse. "Crabbe is a complete (moron)," muttered Draco after another potions disaster. Harry grabbed a (fistful) of Floo powder before stepping into the fireplace. The Imperius Curse could (overpower) even the strongest will if cast properly. The explosion (resounded) throughout the dungeon after Seamus's cauldron mishap. A hush would (precede) Dumbledore's speeches at important feasts. Snape's (mirthless) laugh echoed in the dungeon classroom after a particularly sarcastic remark.
Harry would (bide) his time waiting for the right moment to use Felix Felicis. The statue of the humpbacked witch looked (grotesque) in the shadowy corridor. Death Eaters would (encircle) their victims before attacking. Hunger began to (gnaw) at them during their months hunting Horcruxes. Professor Slughorn's embroidered (waistcoat) strained over his large belly. Neville's face showed complete (bewilderment) during complex Transfiguration lessons. A (sliver) of light shone beneath the closed door, revealing someone was inside. Harry refused to show (cowardice) when facing Voldemort alone. The phoenix's tears had healing (brilliance) that saved Harry multiple times. The Christmas holidays lasted a (fortnight) before students returned to Hogwarts.
The house-elves decorated the Great Hall (magnificently) for the Yule Ball. The Dursleys would (mistreat) Harry throughout his childhood summers. Mrs. Weasley hugged Harry (affectionately) whenever he visited the Burrow. Snape's presence would (intimidate) first-years into complete silence. Ron rubbed his sore (buttock) after falling off his broomstick during practice. Aunt Petunia was unnecessarily (fussy) about maintaining her pristine kitchen. The (scrubby) lawn at Privet Drive was always perfectly maintained by Harry. A magical (hedgehog) scurried across the Transfiguration classroom floor. McGonagall gave a curt nod of (assent) when Harry requested special practice time. Harry's (misfortune) with Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers continued year after year.
"I cannot (disobey) direct orders from the Minister," Percy wrote stiffly to Ron. Hagrid had to (prise) open the jaws of a magical trap to release a creature. Harry felt growing (trepidation) as the third task of the tournament approached. House-elves would (mash) potatoes with a snap of their fingers for feast preparations. Hagrid could be remarkably (stubborn) when defending his dangerous creatures. "Constant (vigilance)!" Moody would bark at students during lessons. Baby mandrakes would (nestle) in their pots beneath the soil. Ginny wore her hair in a neat (plait) during Quidditch matches for practicality. Professor Slughorn's (unctuous) manner grew more pronounced around famous or influential students. The jeweled (casket) contained the Goblet of Fire when it arrived at Hogwarts.
"This is serious," said Dumbledore (gravely) regarding the Chamber of Secrets. The scar on Harry's forehead formed a distinctive (jag) of lightning. Hermione experienced a momentary (lapse) in her usual perfect memory. Harry felt the (heft) of the sword of Gryffindor as he pulled it from the hat. Aunt Marge's dog had a (screechy) bark that irritated the neighbors. The Christmas tree was decorated with golden (baubles) that sang carols when touched. Ron could be remarkably (tactless) when speaking to Hermione about her cat. A newborn (foal) stood shakily beside its centaur mother in the forest. Professor Snape ground ingredients with a marble (pestle) during potions demonstrations. The antidote had a bitter (bile) taste that made Harry grimace.
Sirius appeared (unshaven) after months in hiding. Harry reached (instinctively) for his wand when he heard a noise. Luna's (wispy) hair floated around her face as she spoke about nargles. The Golden Snitch hovered (aloft) just beyond Harry's fingertips. Voldemort's wand was made of (yew), a wood associated with death. Umbridge would try to (thwart) any plans Dumbledore made for the school. Harry suffered the (indignity) of Snape's public criticism during Potions. "You look rather (peaky)," said Mrs. Weasley with concern. The temporary (lull) in attacks made everyone nervous. Dobby wore a makeshift (loincloth) fashioned from an old pillowcase.
The students would (ascend) the marble staircase toward their dormitories. Professor Trelawney's (protuberant) eyes magnified behind her glasses. Malfoy's insults would (inflame) Ron's temper instantly. Snape refused to (relinquish) his grudge against Harry's father. Moody's face was (pockmarked) from years of magical battles. Harry showed remarkable (aptitude) for Defense Against the Dark Arts. The paintings of (cherubs) decorated the walls during Valentine's Day. Harry managed to escape his (captors) during the graveyard confrontation. "That little (tyke) needs discipline," muttered Vernon about Harry. There had been another (sighting) of Sirius Black near the village.
Crookshanks would (slink) around Mrs. Norris, watching her carefully. Professor McGonagall wore an emerald green (bonnet) during Christmas celebrations. Harry checked his (wristwatch) anxiously as the task's deadline approached. Ron's height would (overtake) Harry's during their fourth year. The Hogwarts ghosts wore elaborate (tailcoats) from their living eras. Hogsmeade was on the (outskirts) of the grounds, just beyond school boundaries. The dragon guarded its eggs (ferociously) during the first task. Dumbledore's eyes would (crinkle) when he smiled at students. Harry practiced each (syllable) of the spell before attempting it. "I need a (kip)," yawned Ron after their late-night adventure.
Snape would vent his (spleen) on Harry whenever possible. Harry failed to (heed) Hermione's warnings about the Half-Blood Prince's book. Harry's wand was (springy) and responsive when casting spells. The (tarantula) in Lee Jordan's box terrified Ron completely. "We don't want (riffraff) like the Weasleys," sneered Malfoy. Dudley's old (sneakers) were far too large for Harry's feet. Neville stared (mutely) at his parents in St. Mungo's Hospital. Harry felt (queasy) before his first Quidditch match. Aunt Marge was a (dumpy) woman with a mean disposition. Professor Slughorn placed a golden (stopper) in the luck potion vial.
The (burly) Durmstrang students intimidated the Hogwarts first-years. Ron's face showed complete (puzzlement) at Hermione's complex explanation. Lockhart wore (flashy) robes that drew attention wherever he went. Mrs. Weasley used a feather (duster) to clean Grimmauld Place. Students toasted (marshmallows) in the Gryffindor common room fireplace. The Yule Ball decorations were (ornate) and spectacular. The clock would (chime) midnight as they sneaked back to their dormitories. Dense (undergrowth) concealed the entrance to the centaur village. Sunlight (dappled) the forest floor through the leaves. Dumbledore kept memories in a silver (snuffbox) when not using his Pensieve.
Molly would (fret) about her children's safety during the war. The merpeople would (bask) in the sunlight near the lake's surface. Neville would (cringe) whenever Snape approached his cauldron. The cat would (pounce) on garden gnomes at the Burrow. Harry's scar sent a (spasm) of pain through his head when Voldemort was near. Magical remedies could heal (blisters) instantly after potions accidents. The Gryffindor banner was (emblazoned) with a golden lion. "I (presume) you have a good explanation," said Professor McGonagall sternly. Harry flew at (breakneck) speed to catch the Golden Snitch. Ron would (slurp) his soup loudly, annoying Hermione at mealtimes.
Dumbledore would (proclaim) important news at the start-of-term feast. Students would (stampede) toward the Great Hall for special announcements. Fred gave Ron a playful (wallop) on the shoulder after his Quidditch success. Harry enjoyed (kippers) for breakfast at Hogwarts. Hagrid looked (bedraggled) after traveling in the stormy weather. Neville was (timid) during his early years at Hogwarts. Hermione's (flyaway) hair was difficult to tame without magical help. Professor Sprout taught students to (repot) Mandrakes during Herbology. The (feelers) of the Blast-Ended Skrewts were particularly dangerous. Snape's (scathing) remarks discouraged most students from asking questions.
Dobby would (procure) food from the kitchens for Harry during difficult times. The smell of (putrid) potion ingredients filled the dungeon classroom. Snape's (lank) hair framed his sallow face unflatteringly. Ron would (burp) loudly after drinking butterbeer too quickly. Hagrid's boots were covered in (muck) from tending magical creatures. Malfoy would (ridicule) Ron's hand-me-down robes whenever possible. The stunning spell induced a temporary (stupor) in its victims. Ron grew (madder) by the minute as Draco insulted his family. Professor Slughorn's (bulbous) nose turned red after too much mead. Eloise Midgen's (pimply) face improved after magical treatment.
Ron would (blanch) at the mention of spiders or Aragog. Harry faced constant questions about his (parentage) from curious students. "She's (loony)," whispered students about Luna behind her back. The teachers would (barricade) the Great Hall during emergencies. (Knotgrass) was a primary ingredient in the complex Polyjuice Potion. (Lacewing) flies had to be stewed for twenty-one days for certain potions. Percy was notoriously (uptight) about following school rules. Professor McGonagall wore a tartan (nightcap) when investigating nighttime disturbances. Students collected (newt) eyes for potions ingredients. Dumbledore would (entrust) Harry with critical information about Voldemort.
Ron had (bandy) legs that Malfoy often mocked. The Golden Snitch was (gilded) and contained flesh memories. "That (rotter) Malfoy," muttered Ron after another encounter. Buckbeak's beautiful (plumage) shimmered in the sunlight. The (disembodied) voice Harry heard was the basilisk in the walls. Fred and George's (antics) often landed them in detention. Hermione used a silver (ladle) to measure potion ingredients precisely. Snape was notoriously (secretive) about his personal history. The goblin bank required identification to prevent (holdups). Fawkes would (disperse) healing tears on Harry's wounds.
Luna's strange comments would bring (mirth) to even the tensest situations. Hermione looked (expectant) as she awaited the exam results. Harry fell (spreadeagled) on the ground after being hit by the Bludger. Hagrid kept Fang on a (leash) when visiting the castle. Madam Pomfrey ran the (infirmary) with strict efficiency and care. Harry felt (buoyant) after his first successful Quidditch match. Ron would (yearn) for home during difficult times at Hogwarts. Harry's body would (stiffen) with fear when encountering Dementors. The Goblet of Fire burned (ablaze) with magical blue flames. Ron tended to (blab) secrets when he was nervous or excited.
The sword of Gryffindor had a ruby-encrusted (hilt) that gleamed in the light. An (unearthly) scream echoed through the castle when the Fat Lady's portrait was attacked. Aunt Petunia wore a (puce) dress to impress the dinner guests. Hermione would (weep) when overwhelmed by stress during exams. Harry had to (hone) his Occlumency skills to protect his mind from Voldemort. The students were (flabbergasted) by Professor McGonagall's Animagus transformation. Harry missed Sirius (sorely) during his sixth year. The corpse of Nearly Headless Nick appeared (waxy) during his deathday party. The dormitory (bedstead) creaked as Neville climbed into bed. Malfoy's (insolent) attitude toward Hagrid infuriated Harry.
Ron would (ogle) at the professional Quidditch players during the World Cup. Harry's (fruitless) search for Horcruxes left him discouraged. Snape gave a (contemptuous) sneer when Harry failed to answer correctly. The funeral (procession) moved slowly across the Hogwarts grounds for Dumbledore. Harry stared (dazedly) at the prophecy orb in the Department of Mysteries. The silencing charm would (deaden) all sounds in the targeted area. Filch carried a (dustpan) while hunting for evidence of student mischief. Hedwig sat (contentedly) on Harry's shoulder after delivering mail. Neville tended to (overbalance) during dueling practice. The centaurs warned humans not to (trespass) in their forest territory.
Ron and Hermione would (squabble) constantly throughout their school years. Hermione could (concoct) complex potions that baffled even Snape. The Death Eaters would (mutilate) their victims during interrogations. Devil's Snare would (entangle) anyone who struggled against it. Snape's (vindictive) treatment of Harry stemmed from old grudges. The centaur's powerful (hindquarters) allowed them to gallop swiftly through the forest. Harry walked (dispiritedly) after losing the Quidditch match. Safety precautions seemed like an (afterthought) during many Hogwarts adventures. A thorny (shrub) concealed the entrance to the secret passage. By (sundown), all students had to return to their dormitories.
The (manticore) was one of the most dangerous creatures in Hagrid's textbook. The Daily Prophet tried to (scandalize) Harry's name during his fifth year. The Knight Bus would (veer) sharply around obstacles in its path. A Christmas (wreath) decorated the Weasleys' front door. Harry's invisibility cloak provided perfect (concealment) during nighttime adventures. "You are (henceforth) banned from Hogsmeade visits," declared Professor McGonagall. Harry answered Umbridge's questions (evasively) during his hearing. The Room of Requirement was in complete (disarray) after Crabbe's Fiendfyre spell. A (gaggle) of first-years stared wide-eyed at Harry in the corridor. Someone tried to (sabotage) Harry's broom during the Quidditch match.
"I did not put my name in," Harry insisted (stoutly) about the Goblet of Fire. Hagrid balanced precariously on a stone (ledge) to reach a dragon egg. Ron performed an excited (cartwheel) when Gryffindor won the House Cup. Harry had to (extricate) himself from the Devil's Snare that gripped his ankles. Hermione pursued knowledge (doggedly) despite ridicule from others. Harry's (foolhardy) bravery often concerned his more cautious friends. The Minister attempted to (override) Dumbledore's authority at Hogwarts. The tournament would (culminate) in a dangerous maze challenge. Professor McGonagall could (overrule) prefects' decisions when necessary. The centaur was a magnificent (steed) that bowed before Harry.
The twins' (boisterous) behavior disrupted the somber meeting. Harry felt (revulsion) when learning about Horcrux creation. "Fancy a (cuppa)?" offered Hagrid after their difficult day. The curse would (maim) victims who couldn't be fully healed. Harry had to (contend) with both schoolwork and Voldemort's threats. Filch would (tramp) through muddy corridors looking for rule-breakers. Neville was initially (clumsy) with spells but improved greatly. Snape seemed to (despise) Harry from their first meeting. The prophecy contained (startling) revelations about Harry's fate. The wizarding community felt (mistrust) toward Harry after the Daily Prophet's articles.
Luna gave Harry a (quizzical) look when he questioned her beliefs. The (wasp) nest near Hagrid's hut caused trouble during class. Hogwarts was (situated) in Scotland, hidden from Muggle eyes. Snape stood (rigidly) as Dumbledore explained his difficult assignment. Injured players watched from the (sidelines) during Quidditch matches. Professor Snape was particularly (touchy) about his past. Hermione showed (distaste) for Divination's imprecise methods. Lockhart would (gesticulate) dramatically during his useless lessons. The dementor's presence would (dispirit) everyone nearby. The Great Hall was (bedecked) with decorations for the Halloween feast.
Harry walked (unconcernedly) past Malfoy, ignoring his taunts. A broken (shard) of mirror showed Sirius's eye watching over Harry. Dragon blood could (contaminate) potions if used incorrectly. The (marchers) in the funeral procession moved slowly across the grounds. The bowstring was pulled (taut) as the centaur prepared to fire. The Portkey would (disorientate) travelers momentarily upon arrival. House-elves would (launder) all Hogwarts linens weekly. The Three Broomsticks was warm and (steamy) on cold Hogsmeade days. Sirius gazed (wistfully) at the old photograph of the Order. Pettigrew had a (mousy) appearance even in human form.
Kreacher followed orders (obediently) after Harry earned his respect. The Death Eaters would (demolish) entire villages during their raids. Viktor Krum was a serious (contender) for the Triwizard Tournament. The (porthole) of the sunken ship revealed the Durmstrang students. Harry wrapped a (muffler) around his neck during the winter Quidditch practice. Filch climbed a (stepladder) to hang chains in his office. "I must (forewarn) you about the dangers," said Dumbledore seriously. Harry gazed (dismally) at the pile of detention slips from Umbridge. Hagrid would (hew) large pumpkins for Halloween decorations. The Devil's Snare was a dangerous magical (sucker) plant that strangled its victims.
The Yule Ball was (extravagantly) decorated with icy sculptures. Harry's scar burned (startlingly) bright when Voldemort was near. "We've lost," Ron said (despairingly) after their Quidditch defeat. Snape commented on Harry's (rudeness) with barely contained anger. The (straggler) was caught by Filch after curfew. Fawkes would (pluck) healing tears for those in need. Harry fell into a deep (reverie) while staring into the Mirror of Erised. The battle ended (mercifully) quickly with minimal casualties. Snape used the (pretext) of tutoring to give Harry detention. Nests lined the (rafters) of the Owlery where school birds roosted.
Hagrid served (haddock) for dinner in his hut one evening. Mrs. Norris was (nosing) around suspiciously near the third-floor corridor. Fleur performed a graceful (curtsy) before beginning her Triwizard task. Lavender wore a (frilly) dress to impress Ron at the Yule Ball. The spell hit Goyle in the (midriff), causing him to double over. Pigwidgeon was an (excitable) little owl that zoomed around excitedly. Ollivander would (appraise) each wand carefully before selling it. Harry emerged (unscathed) from his encounter with the mountain troll. Hermione wore a new silk (blouse) to the Slug Club dinner. "What will (transpire) if we mix these ingredients?" asked Professor Slughorn.
Luna's father was known for his (eccentric) beliefs about magical creatures. Lavender's golden (ringlets) bounced as she laughed at Ron's jokes. The students would (wend) their way through crowded corridors between classes. Ginny wore her hair in a tight (braid) during Quidditch matches. Harry had his arm in a (sling) after the rogue Bludger broke it. Hermione would (readjust) her heavy bag of books between classes. "I forgot," explained Ron (lamely) about his missing homework. Draco's (smugness) irritated Harry during Potions lessons. The (bagpipes) played mournfully during Dumbledore's funeral. Ron remained (oblivious) to Hermione's feelings for years.
The merperson's (flipper) splashed water as it dove beneath the surface. Death Eaters tried to (obstruct) Harry's escape from Privet Drive. Hermione would (retell) lecture material to help Neville understand. "Take your time," said Dumbledore (benignly) as Harry gathered his thoughts. Harry had to (renounce) the Elder Wand's power to break its cycle. The (armadillo) bile was a key ingredient in the Wit-Sharpening Potion. The ancient (scarab) beetle was powdered for use in potions. Filch's cleaning methods were (substandard) according to Mrs. Weasley. Snape would (siphon) memories into the Pensieve before Occlumency lessons. The Daily Prophet would (distort) facts about Harry to sell more papers.
Voldemort was a fearsome (foe) who terrorized the wizarding world. The professors were in (discord) about closing Hogwarts after the attacks. The (leafy) plants in Greenhouse Three needed daily watering. Bellatrix's (pitiless) laugh echoed through the Department of Mysteries. The concussion seemed to (addle) Ron's brain temporarily. Hagrid's (fleshy) hands were twice the size of normal ones. Mundungus would (scavenge) valuable items from Grimmauld Place to sell. The (enmity) between Snape and James Potter affected Harry's school years. The path was (wending) its way toward the Quidditch pitch. The silence remained (unbroken) as everyone awaited Dumbledore's speech.
The Ministry tried to (discredit) Harry after he claimed Voldemort had returned. Harry could (scarcely) believe that Sirius was gone forever. Professor Trelawney's (straggly) hair escaped from her many shawls. The Knight Bus careened down a Muggle (motorway) at impossible speeds. Crookshanks would (mew) softly when seeking Hermione's attention. The pain in Harry's scar began to (abate) as Voldemort distanced himself. Neville's grandmother made excellent (rhubarb) crumble according to her letters. "Well," said Dumbledore (conversationally), "that was interesting." Filch threw students (unceremoniously) out of the library at closing time. Lockhart would (delude) himself about his own importance and abilities.
A (droplet) of Felix Felicis would ensure success for hours. The forgotten sandwich had turned (mouldy) in Ron's trunk over the holidays. Malfoy would (goad) Harry into fighting to get him into trouble. Voldemort's (reptilian) features reflected his fragmented soul. The Death Eaters wore (faceless) masks to conceal their identities. Hagrid's rock cakes could (mould) a person's teeth into strange shapes. "What happened?" asked Hermione (enquiringly) after Harry's meeting with Dumbledore. Fairies would (gambol) around the Christmas trees in the Great Hall. Ron could (weasel) his way out of trouble with remarkable skill. Professor McGonagall was (appreciative) of Harry's honesty about the dragons.
The cursed object left Dumbledore's hand (misshapen) and blackened. (Hellebore) syrup was a key ingredient in the Draught of Peace. Harry felt (mortified) when Cho saw him in his shabby pajamas. The Daily Prophet tried to (scandalise) Dumbledore with false stories. Snape's expression became (accusatory) when questioning Harry about the stolen ingredients. Crookshanks moved (sleekly) through the grass, stalking garden gnomes. History of Magic was the most (tedious) subject according to most students. Neville would (dawdle) behind the group during Herbology field trips. Dumbledore's words of wisdom would (hearten) Harry during difficult times. The greenhouse contained (woodlice) for feeding certain magical plants.
The Restricted Section (bookcase) contained dangerous magical texts. Hagrid carried a large (haversack) filled with dangerous creatures. A (signpost) pointed the way to Hogsmeade village from Hogwarts. Hermione was (indignant) about the treatment of house-elves. "I need to use the (loo)," whispered Ron during the long History of Magic lesson. The blood would (congeal) around cursed wounds, preventing healing. The Shrieking Shack was filled with dusty (cobwebs) after years of abandonment. Ravens would (caw) ominously from the Forbidden Forest's edge. Tonks could (mimic) anyone's appearance with her Metamorphmagus abilities. Uncle Vernon was unusually (corpulent) after years of fine business dinners.
Harry waved his wand (uselessly) as the dementor approached. Ron ate with (gusto) at every Hogwarts feast. The goblet made a (dink) sound as Dumbledore set it on the table. Ministry (pamphlets) advised on protection against dark forces. Gargoyles lined the stone (parapet) of the Astronomy Tower. Harry would (contemplate) the memory in the Pensieve for hours. Students enjoyed (sparklers) during the end-of-year celebrations. Dragons would become (enraged) when their eggs were threatened. A (deluge) of owls arrived during breakfast with the morning mail. Snape's presence was (unwelcome) at Grimmauld Place according to Sirius.
The snake would (uncoil) itself slowly from its resting place. Hermione used (scissors) to trim the unruly Venomous Tentacula branches. The bowstring made a (twang) sound as the centaur released his arrow. Hagrid's beard contained several gray (tufts) that hadn't been there before. Hagrid would (plow) through snow drifts to reach the castle during winter. Dumbledore's (whiskery) smile greeted students at the feast. A single (tuft) of unicorn hair was visible on the forest path. Fang bounded (playfully) around Hagrid's pumpkin patch. The needle made a tiny (pinprick) in Harry's finger during Transfiguration. The (milkman) was confused by the numerous owls on Privet Drive.
The robe's (fastening) was made of finely crafted silver. Neville would (quail) under Snape's intimidating stare during Potions. "That's complete (tosh)," Ron declared about Trelawney's predictions. "I made a mistake," admitted Harry (ruefully) after the disastrous rescue attempt. Draco would (snivel) to his father about any perceived injustice. "Christmas (humbug)," muttered Filch as students celebrated. Hagrid's voice boomed like a (foghorn) across the grounds. Food was placed on (ration) during their Horcrux hunt in the wilderness. The (youngster) gaped in amazement at his first sight of Diagon Alley. House-elves would (burnish) the suits of armor until they gleamed.
The entrance to Diagon Alley was (paved) with worn cobblestones. Students would (gawk) at Harry because of his famous scar. Massive (stalactites) hung from the ceiling of the underground lake chamber. Dudley would punch Harry in the (armpit) where bruises wouldn't show. The cave floor was dotted with pointed (stalagmites) that made walking difficult. Krum was (thickset) but moved with surprising agility on a broomstick. The Patil twins had their hair in neat (dreadlocks) for the Yule Ball. Mrs. Weasley rested her feet on a crocheted (footstool) by the fire. Tonks changed her hair to a bright (mauve) color that startled Molly. Harry skipped a flat (pebble) across the lake's surface.
(Wormwood) was a crucial ingredient in many advanced potions. (Monkshood) grew wild near the edge of the Forbidden Forest. Malfoy would (swagger) through the corridors with Crabbe and Goyle. "You (dunderhead)," Snape snapped at Neville after another cauldron explosion. Harry slept (blissfully) after his first night away from the Dursleys. (Asphodel) roots needed to be finely powdered for the Draught of Living Death. The long trek caused a terrible (thirst) among the travelers. A (blob) of ink fell from Ron's quill onto his Potions essay. Parvati wore her hair in a neat (pigtail) during Herbology to keep it contained. (Wolfsbane) potion helped Lupin maintain awareness during transformations.
The (ember) in the fireplace glowed softly as they talked late into the night. A horrible (stench) emanated from Crabbe's cauldron after his mistake. Don Quixote famously fought a (windmill), according to Hermione's Muggle literature. The Shrieking Shack was (drafty) during the winter months. Ron wiped a (booger) from his nose after the pepper-induced sneezing fit. The (pheasant) roasted perfectly for the Hogwarts Christmas feast. Neville accidentally transfigured his mouse into a (turnip) during class. Hagrid would (whittle) wooden flutes in his spare time. The (galoshes) squelched in the mud as they walked to Herbology. Harry heard a soft (footfall) behind him in the empty corridor.
The greenhouse would (swelter) in the summer heat despite cooling charms. Harry had to (grapple) with the Devil's Snare that threatened to strangle him. Professor McGonagall wore a (paisley) dressing gown when investigating nighttime disturbances. Dumbledore's resistance was truly (admirable) against Voldemort's forces. The house-elves performed a happy (jig) when presented with new tea towels. A sleek brown (stoat) darted across the path near Hagrid's hut. Molly would (whisk) eggs with a flick of her wand for breakfast. Clouds (scudded) across the enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall. Peeves would (scoot) away quickly when the Bloody Baron appeared. The Room of Requirement continued to (mystify) students with its changing nature.
"What (woe) has befallen our school now?" sighed Professor McGonagall. Harry was (grievously) injured after falling from his broom. Professor Binns would (jot) notes on the blackboard during history lessons. Voldemort spoke (tonelessly) when addressing his Death Eaters. Ron's king was placed in (checkmate) during their magical chess game. Dumbledore was (mortally) wounded by the cursed ring. Students would (straggle) back to the castle after Hogsmeade visits. Fred and George wore (jaunty) hats that reflected their playful personalities. Luna's handwriting was (squiggly) and adorned with small drawings. Harry felt a rush of (adoration) when looking at Ginny across the common room.
Mundungus would (tinker) with stolen magical objects to hide their origins. The Giant Squid played (hangman) with students using its tentacles. The Great Hall was prepared for a (sumptuous) feast to welcome students. Hermione would (wring) her hands anxiously before examination results. The Great Hall was (dazzlingly) decorated for the Yule Ball. Umbridge would (flout) Dumbledore's authority whenever possible. Harry avoided the (limelight) whenever possible, despite his fame. Percy's (meddlesome) behavior caused friction with his family. Dragons would (molt) their scales seasonally, according to Charlie. Mundungus Fletcher was a notorious (plunderer) of magical artifacts.
The dragon would (gnash) its teeth ferociously during the first task. Complete (pandemonium) broke out when the troll entered the bathroom. "That (blighter) Malfoy," muttered Ron after another confrontation. The soup was served from a silver (tureen) at the Hogwarts feast. Aunt Marge's (budgie) squawked loudly whenever Harry entered the room. The Room of Requirement was (airy) and spacious for Dumbledore's Army practice. Professor Sprout carefully tended the fragile (seedling) in Greenhouse One. (Torrential) rain pounded against the castle windows during the storm. Harry was fairly (unremarkable) in appearance except for his lightning scar. The medieval knight wore a velvet (doublet) in his portrait.
A purple (blotch) appeared where the stinging hex had hit. The aftermath of the battle was a (grisly) sight in the once-beautiful castle. "Fine," muttered Harry (sulkily) after being denied permission to visit Hogsmeade. Dementors would (befoul) any place they inhabited with decay and despair. Hagrid served traditional (haggis) during the Scottish celebration dinner. The (amulet) glowed with a mysterious blue light when danger approached. The (bloodstain) wouldn't come out of Ron's dress robes despite cleaning spells. Peeves was the castle (bogie) that delighted in causing chaos. The school waited on (tenterhooks) for the announcement of the Triwizard champions. Magical paint would (daub) itself onto canvases to create moving portraits.
The Sorting Hat was drawn (magnetically) toward the sword of Gryffindor. "Don't (tamper) with that," warned Hermione as Ron examined the mysterious object. The students ventured through a dense (thicket) to reach the clearing. The (bicorn) horn was a rare ingredient needed for their potion. A strange (torpor) overcame anyone who drank from the enchanted fountain. The blast-ended skrewt had a (rubbery) shell that deflected minor spells. Filch paced (pointlessly) around the castle looking for rule-breakers. Students would (forfeit) house points for breaking school rules. Ron stubbed his (toenail) painfully on the dormitory trunk. Mrs. Weasley was constantly fighting magical household (vermin) at the Burrow.
Uncle Vernon turned (apoplectic) when owls delivered letters to Harry. "Malfoy got his (comeuppance)," said Ron gleefully after the ferret incident. "You should know better," Professor McGonagall would (reprove) students caught out after curfew. Hermione's cheeks grew (pinker) when Ron complimented her spell work. An (acrid) smell filled the dungeon after Seamus's cauldron exploded. Snape's (waspish) comments discouraged students from asking questions. The (talisman) protected its wearer from minor hexes and jinxes. "He's gone completely (potty)," whispered Ron about Lockhart. The potion had a thick, (glutinous) texture that clung to the stirring rod. Magical candies would (fizz) and pop in students' mouths.
The lake was (murky) and impossible to see through from above. Hagrid added a generous (dollop) of treacle to his rock cakes. Filch moved with (sly) stealth when hunting students after curfew. "Absolutely not," said Professor McGonagall (witheringly) to Harry's request. "I'm sorry," said Neville, looking (apologetic) after another accident. The nervous twitch was a (giveaway) that Quirrell was hiding something. Lupin's (wiry) frame belied his supernatural strength. Hagrid would (barge) cheerfully into conversations at inappropriate moments. The hens would (cluck) nervously around Buckbeak in Hagrid's garden. Harry stared (bleakly) at the ruins of his parents' cottage in Godric's Hollow.
Dudley's (pudgy) fingers grabbed greedily for another piece of cake. The rose (thorn) caught on Hermione's robes as they passed the garden. The meeting was (prearranged) by Dumbledore before his departure. The Hungarian Horntail was a particularly (fearsome) dragon in the tournament. Magical vines would (entwine) around the castle walls during spring. Harry would help Dumbledore (willingly) despite the dangers involved. Professor Trelawney would dip her (pinkie) into tea for reading leaves. The troll was of (sizable) proportions even for its species. Students were warned against touching the poisonous (toadstool) in Herbology. Blood would (smear) across the castle walls during the Chamber of Secrets attacks.
Dumbledore raised his (wineglass) in a toast to the new school year. Death Eaters would (consort) with dark creatures to strengthen their forces. Fred and George walked (jauntily) away from the scene of their latest prank. The bottle of butterbeer was (uncorked) with a festive pop. Kreacher was a (runty) house-elf with a bitter disposition. The bottle top was (unscrewed) carefully to preserve the rare potion inside. Hermione avoided the (salami) that appeared at breakfast as she disliked processed meat. Grindylows would (resurface) unexpectedly to grab unwary swimmers. The floating (buoy) marked the center of the Black Lake for the second task. Harry sat on the window (sill), watching owls fly across the night sky.
Harry walked past the (lamppost) where he had first seen the great black dog. Dumbledore spoke (composedly) despite the urgent situation unfolding. The Pensieve stored a swirling (recollection) of Slughorn's altered memory. Madam Pomfrey would (replenish) her medical potions supplies weekly. Sirius looked (woebegone) after months of hiding as a fugitive. The Black family crest was (embossed) on many items at Grimmauld Place. Prolonged exposure to Dementors would (derange) even the strongest minds. Students helped (dismantle) the decorations after the Yule Ball. The (wickerwork) basket contained treats from Mrs. Weasley. Ron's face became (blotchy) when he was embarrassed or angry.
Aunt Petunia screamed (piercingly) when she saw Dudley's pig tail. The love potion would (befuddle) the drinker's perceptions completely. The Gryffindor team fought (spiritedly) against Slytherin during the match. The (stagecoach) carried students from Hogsmeade station to Hogwarts. The alarm made a (tinny) sound as it woke Harry for the Quidditch match. Harry felt (shivery) after his encounter with the Dementors by the lake. Pigwidgeon would (coo) softly when delivering letters successfully. Harry enjoyed the (sherbet) lemon offered by Dumbledore in his office. Lavender would (swoon) dramatically whenever Ron entered the room. Crookshanks would (meow) loudly when hungry or seeking attention.
Hot tea would (scald) Harry's tongue after Quidditch practice in cold weather. Finding Horcruxes required significant (guesswork) and intuition. The (polecat) darted into the undergrowth near Hagrid's hut. The invisibility cloak felt (gauzy) between Harry's fingers as he used it. The (churchyard) in Godric's Hollow contained Harry's parents' graves. The Christmas tree was decorated with magical (spangles) that twinkled and changed color. "You look (scurvy)," teased Fred when Ron turned green from a joke sweet. Harry felt a (misgiving) about drinking the mystery potion in the cave. The students looked (downcast) after losing the Quidditch match. Mrs. Norris prowled (underfoot) as students tried to sneak past.
Hagrid filled a large (pail) with food for the thestrals. The wedding tent was decorated with (lacy) ribbons and magical flowers. The students showed proper (reverence) during Dumbledore's memorial service. The carriage wheel hit a (pothole) on the road to Hogsmeade. Ron would (misunderstand) Hermione's intentions, causing arguments. Dudley's (shirtsleeve) had a ketchup stain from his hasty lunch. "That should (suffice)," said Professor McGonagall after transfiguring enough desks. The scar on Harry's hand grew (abnormally) prominent when near Umbridge. Hagrid's half-brother was a gentle (brute) despite his massive size. The ancient wand became (brittle) with age and needed careful handling.
"It's not (advisable) to enter the forest alone," warned Hagrid. The Weasleys' home had a (thatched) roof that leaked during heavy rain. The rabbit (burrowed) quickly to escape the approaching fox. The Quidditch match became (turbulent) as the storm intensified. Snape cast a (sidelong) glance at Harry during the feast. Doxies would (infest) the curtains at Grimmauld Place. Malfoy would (scoff) at Harry's secondhand books and worn robes. Lockhart contracted (lockjaw) after a spell backfired dramatically. Sirius's eyes were (clouded) with the trauma of Azkaban. The castle felt especially cold and unwelcoming on the (wintery) evening after Dumbledore's death.
Professor Flitwick warned the students never to be an (eavesdropper) on magical conversations. Luna wore (sparkly) earrings shaped like dirigible plums to the feast. Harry had to (redouble) his efforts in Occlumency to protect his mind. Molly offered Harry (currant) buns freshly baked that morning. Professor McGonagall would (berate) students for breaking curfew. Snape showed obvious (favoritism) toward students in his own house. The group had to (hie) quickly to avoid Filch after hours. The Room of Requirement was (devoid) of furniture when they first discovered it. Malfoy's sense of (superiority) annoyed everyone in other houses. Ginny used a (smatter) of Fred and George's tricks during Quidditch.
Harry couldn't (fathom) why Dumbledore kept important information from him. The Great Hall was decorated for Christmas (festivities) with twelve enormous trees. Hermione performed the complex charm (superbly) on her first attempt. Snape's face remained (impassive) as he delivered the bad news. The strange cloud formations were a (portent) of dark magic approaching. Neville showed (fervent) dedication to improving his defensive spells. Ron's homework was (sloppy) compared to Hermione's neat script. "I met Hagrid years ago, (incidentally)," mentioned Moody during dinner. The ghost was (semitransparent) as it floated through the wall. The (apparition) of Dumbledore appeared to Harry in his time of need.
Harry groaned (inwardly) at another detention with Umbridge. Dumbledore would (ponder) deeply before sharing information about Voldemort. The moon began to (wane) as they ventured into the forest. The summer air felt (sultry) in the crowded classroom. The horrible news seemed to (unhinge) Neville temporarily. Morning (dewy) grass sparkled on the Quidditch pitch. Harry made a (hasty) exit when Myrtle began to cry. Fred and George were (exuberant) about their successful joke shop. Sunset created a (gilding) effect on the castle towers. Malfoy called Hagrid a (paleface) as an insult to his giant heritage.
Filch gave Harry a (rundown) of his extensive list of punishments. The light grew (dimmer) as they traveled deeper into the forest. Emotions ran (unchecked) throughout the Great Hall after Cedric's death. Harry felt like a small (cog) in Dumbledore's larger plans. Luna's (spidery) handwriting covered her notes about nargles. "We need to leave, (pronto)," whispered Ron as Filch approached. The abandoned house looked (derelict) after years of neglect. Spells would (swoosh) past them during the battle at the Ministry. The lake surface would (undulate) when the giant squid moved beneath. Viktor Krum was a formidable tournament (entrant) from Durmstrang.
The pain in Harry's scar began to (diminish) as Voldemort retreated. Hagrid used a wooden (mallet) to construct Buckbeak's shelter. Ron's throat would (clog) with emotion when discussing Fred's death. Viktor Krum was (stocky) but moved with surprising agility. The visiting Scottish wizard wore a traditional (kilt) to the Yule Ball. Hagrid wore a huge (poncho) during rainy Care of Magical Creatures lessons. Rain would (patter) softly against the greenhouse roof during Herbology. The Yule Ball was an (extravagant) event that transformed the Great Hall. Percy was (lanky) like the other Weasley boys. Hagrid's face showed (stubble) when he returned from his giant mission.
Harry was (dubious) about Lockhart's defense abilities from the start. The Seeker performed a clever (feint) to mislead the opposing team. A blush would (suffuse) Hermione's cheeks whenever Ron complimented her. No (vestige) of the Horcrux remained after it was destroyed. Hermione used silver (tweezers) to extract the valuable potion ingredient. "It's simple," explained Luna (breezily) about seeing Thestrals. Ancient Romans wore a (toga) according to Hermione's History of Magic essay. Malfoy's pale (complexion) grew even whiter when facing the Hippogriff. The sudden (tumult) in the Great Hall silenced Dumbledore momentarily. The tension between Harry and Voldemort was almost (palpable) during their final confrontation.
Hagrid offered (reassurance) about the seemingly dangerous creatures. The injured dragon's claws would (splay) defensively when approached. "Come (hither)," called Dumbledore to Harry during the feast. "Please help us," Hermione would (implore) the centaurs in the forest. The night sky revealed a brilliant (constellation) that Professor Sinistra identified. Harry dodged the (oncoming) Bludger with seconds to spare. Students scattered (thither) and yon when Peeves appeared with water balloons. The troll ran (amok) through the bathroom, destroying stalls. The Daily Prophet would (allege) that Harry was mentally unstable. The injured unicorn lay (prostrate) in the forest clearing.
Dumbledore would (quash) any rumors that endangered students. Filch would (chivy) students away from forbidden corridors. A black (shroud) covered the mirror after Sirius's death. Harry's (preoccupation) with the prophecy worried his friends. Voldemort was a (formidable) opponent even for Dumbledore. The dormitory (headboard) was carved with the Gryffindor lion. Dumbledore's (renown) as a powerful wizard was well-established. The common room felt warm and (snug) during winter evenings. Lavender preferred robes with (frills) and decorative touches. Ron would (puke) slugs after his spell backfired spectacularly.
Harry showed remarkable (prowess) on a broomstick despite his inexperience. Ron and Hermione would (tussle) playfully over homework corrections. Butterbeer would (slosh) from mugs as students celebrated Quidditch victories. The Durmstrang students would (disembark) from their ship for meals at Hogwarts. "Perfect Potter," sneered Snape (sardonically) after a correct answer. The wooden (plank) creaked as they crossed the old bridge. Each Triwizard (contestant) faced dangerous challenges throughout the tournament. "This is a real (bummer)," sighed Ron after losing his wand. Aunt Petunia's (pincushion) was shaped like a tomato with green felt leaves. Snape's (attentiveness) to detail made him an excellent Potions master.
Harry's wand was made of (hornbeam) with a phoenix feather core. Fred and George devised (ingenious) pranks that impressed even teachers. Crabbe would (munch) on sweets throughout Potions lessons. "What's the (gist) of Dumbledore's plan?" asked Ron impatiently. "Please (desist) from adding ingredients," Snape ordered Neville firmly. Harry moved (surreptitiously) under the invisibility cloak past Filch. The curse would (disfigure) victims permanently unless treated quickly. Uncle Vernon was (paunchy) from years of business lunches. The injured cat would (yowl) painfully in Hagrid's gentle hands. Professor Trelawney would (intone) predictions in a mystical voice.
Hermione would (swat) away mosquitoes during outdoor lessons. The centaurs would (forage) in the forest for medicinal herbs. Fred and George were considered (delinquent) by Percy despite their intelligence. Harry felt (elated) when he received his first Christmas presents. Harry used his broom to (stave) off the attacking Bludgers. The phoenix would (trill) a beautiful song that gave courage. Fudge was (complacent) about Voldemort's return despite warnings. Unexpected news would (discompose) even Dumbledore temporarily. Ron continued (mulishly) to defend the Chudley Cannons despite their record. Neville moved somewhat (ungainly) during their first flying lesson.
The Death Eaters used (intimidation) to control the wizarding community. Crabbe was an (oaf) who followed Malfoy without question. Snape appeared particularly (morose) during Christmas celebrations. Harry had to (fend) for himself during summers with the Dursleys. The Hogwarts Express (chuffed) steadily toward Scotland. Butterbeer had a delicious (foamy) head when poured properly. The Daily Prophet stories would (slant) facts to discredit Harry. The Ministry would (prosecute) anyone connected to Dumbledore's Army. A magical equivalent of a (grenade) exploded in the dungeon. Lavender was (bubbly) compared to the more serious Hermione.
Ron would (sulk) for days after arguments with Hermione. Birds would (chirrup) cheerfully outside the castle windows. The dangerous patient wore a (straitjacket) in St. Mungo's secure ward. Hermione would (feign) interest in Quidditch to please Ron. Occlumency helped Harry (repress) memories Voldemort sought. Hermione's eyes would (dilate) with excitement when discovering new information. Harry felt a (momentary) connection with Voldemort through his scar. Lockhart suffered from the (delusion) that everyone adored him. The classroom would (revert) to normal after Transfiguration class ended. Harry remembered the prophecy only (hazily) after the battle.
Mundungus would (loaf) around Grimmauld Place avoiding duties. The escape plan came to a (standstill) when they encountered Death Eaters. Professor Trelawney taught (Divination) using questionable methods. Dumbledore's lengthy (preamble) eventually explained his absence. Hagrid used a garden (spade) to plant pumpkins for Halloween. Students who wandered (astray) in the castle might encounter Peeves. The Cruciatus Curse caused (excruciating) pain to its victims. "I can (vouch) for Hagrid's innocence," insisted Dumbledore firmly. The sword of Gryffindor was a precious (relic) with extraordinary powers. Voldemort's appearance had changed (grotesquely) after creating Horcruxes.
The (dusky) sky darkened as they searched for shelter. A strange mist seemed to (emanate) from the forbidden forest. Professor Binns lectured in a (monotonous) voice that induced sleep. Voldemort's (lipless) mouth curved into a cruel smile. Harry would (crave) news from the wizarding world during summers. Hermione looked (exultant) when her complex spell succeeded. Ginny would (caress) Crookshanks gently while studying. Harry had (unwittingly) become a Horcrux when Voldemort attacked him. The (interrogation) of suspected Death Eaters was intense. Happiness seemed to (radiate) throughout the castle after Voldemort's defeat.
The connection to Voldemort began to (reawaken) in Harry's dreams. Hermione was (vehement) in her defense of house-elf rights. "Trelawney is a (crackpot)," muttered McGonagall under her breath. Hagrid's voice was unusually (gruff) when discussing dangerous creatures. Harry was lost in (musing) about the prophecy's meaning. Neville's face was round and (doughy) compared to Harry's thin features. The hot sun would (parch) the Quidditch pitch during summer months. Harry's memory of the graveyard remained (hazy) despite its importance. Aunt Petunia's prized (hydrangea) bushes were trampled during the Dementor attack. The Wizengamot would (acquit) or condemn based on magical evidence.
Harry leaned against the (railing) overlooking the Hogwarts grounds. Aunt Petunia's prize (begonias) were carefully tended each morning. The night air was warm and (balmy) during astronomy lessons. Harry made a (beeline) for the Quidditch pitch during his free period. Moaning Myrtle had a (doleful) expression as she haunted the bathroom. Flowers would (wilt) quickly in Snape's dungeon classroom. The Dursleys would (pamper) Dudley with numerous presents and treats. Aunt Marge's (budgerigar) squawked loudly during Harry's visits. The use of a (hosepipe) was banned during the summer drought. Dumbledore offered (consolation) to Harry after Sirius's death.
There was an (upsurge) in Death Eater activity after Voldemort's return. The healers would (decontaminate) areas exposed to dangerous potions. Anger seemed to (smoulder) in Harry throughout his fifth year. Stars (interspersed) the night sky during their Astronomy exam. The Great Hall was lit by a massive (candelabrum) during formal dinners. Professor Quirrell's bald (pate) concealed Voldemort's face. A sudden (drowsiness) overcame students during History of Magic. The Triwizard Tournament was a (stupendous) event for Hogwarts. Dumbledore's (wry) humor often surprised the staff. The situation at the Ministry looked (dismal) after Voldemort's takeover.
"I must leave," said Dumbledore (regretfully) before his mission. Harry would (exhale) sharply when his scar pained him. Sleeping on the hard ground caused a (crick) in Ron's neck. Madam Pomfrey would (dispense) healing potions for injured students. Ron smiled (lopsidedly) after being hit by a miscast charm. "They were (snogging)," whispered Ginny about Ron and Lavender. Hagrid sighed (audibly) when discussing Buckbeak's sentence. Harry felt (disconsolate) after losing his godfather. The Knight Bus would (judder) violently as it transported passengers. Hermione had to (wrest) the cursed necklace from Katie's grasp.
Snape maintained his (coolness) despite Harry's accusations. The diadem was a powerful magical (artefact) hidden for centuries. Snape became (testy) when students questioned his methods. The potion gone wrong caused a (miscarriage) of the entire experiment. Percy's (sanctimonious) letters annoyed his siblings immensely. The boggart was merely a (figment) that took physical form. A (corporeal) Patronus was difficult even for adult wizards. Uncle Vernon's (flabby) neck turned purple when angry. The protective enchantments began to (slacken) around Number Twelve. "He scored (nought) on his exam," laughed Malfoy about Neville.
Dumbledore's plan had (weighty) consequences for everyone involved. The Bludger would (concuss) players who failed to dodge in time. The merpeople's dance was considered (indecent) by wizarding standards. Dragon fire would (scorch) the ground during the first task. The year had been particularly (eventful) with the Triwizard Tournament. Harry's magical abilities showed remarkable (progress) during DA meetings. Umbridge became (huffy) when students questioned her methods. Hermione (wove) protective enchantments around their campsite nightly. Kreacher served them tea (obligingly) after gaining their respect. Storm clouds (loured) over the castle, promising heavy rain.
Harry approached the final task with (eagerness) despite the dangers. Professor Binns would (waffle) on about goblin rebellions for hours. Hermione attempted to (rectify) Ron's poorly written essay. Luna's arms were (twiglike) and surprisingly strong. The snake attacked Harry (unawares) in Godric's Hollow. Malfoy needed little (provocation) to hex students he disliked. Hermione took (copious) notes during every lesson. Constant failures would (discourage) Neville in Potions class. Harry had to (disengage) himself from Devil's Snare quickly. Ink splattered across the desk when Ron knocked over the (inkwell).
Umbridge would (persecute) students who supported Dumbledore. Pansy would (flounce) out of the room when contradicted. Peter Pettigrew glanced (shiftily) around before transforming. Flying on a broom would (exhilarate) Harry like nothing else. Harry showed remarkable (defiance) against Voldemort despite his fear. The wool hat had a (bobble) on top that changed colors. Lockhart suffered from (delusional) thoughts after his memory charm backfired. "You took my wand," said Hermione (accusingly) to Ron. The school term began (afresh) with a new Defense teacher. "(Admittedly), I was wrong," confessed Ron to Hermione.
The match was played in (blustery) conditions that favored Gryffindor. Voldemort was (desirous) of immortality above all else. "He cheated (foully)," complained Malfoy after losing the match. Students became increasingly (rebellious) under Umbridge's rule. The conditions at Azkaban were (appalling) according to Sirius. Umbridge would (affix) new Educational Decrees to the walls daily. Harry would (doodle) on his parchment during boring lessons. "Potter is hopeless," remarked Snape (disparagingly). The bezoar was surprisingly (efficacious) against most poisons. The (vase) shattered when the spell missed its target.
"The end is (nigh)," warned Professor Trelawney dramatically. The Room of Requirement was (marvellous) in its ability to transform. The centaurs would (abstain) from human conflicts when possible. Harry's lightning scar was easily (recognisable) by everyone. Dumbledore faced (innumerable) challenges protecting the school. The invisibility cloak had become (patchy) in certain areas from use. A single (raindrop) fell on Harry's glasses as they searched. "No," said Harry (baldly) when asked to cooperate with Umbridge. The Muggle family would (accustom) themselves to magical oddities eventually. "You complete (berk)," muttered Ron when Malfoy showed off.
Ron was (squeamish) about handling flobberworms in Hagrid's class. "No," said Harry (emphatically) when asked about joining Slytherin. The dragon (carcass) was used for multiple potion ingredients. Professor McGonagall walked (sedately) through the Great Hall during feasts. The venison was tough and (stringy) at the Hog's Head Inn. The Devil's Snare vines were tightly (interlocked) around Ron's ankles. Filch was particularly (grouchy) during the Triwizard Tournament. The castle erupted in (jubilation) when Gryffindor won the House Cup. The Forbidden Forest contained a deep (gully) where dangerous creatures lived. Crookshanks would (slink) around Mrs. Norris, watching her cautiously.
Death Eaters were (variously) disguised as Ministry officials. The centaurs moved with (rhythmic) grace through the forest. Hedwig's feathers were (whiter) than snow in winter sunlight. Harry felt surrounded by (nothingness) when Disapparating for the first time. Hermione lied (convincingly) to Professor McGonagall about the troll. Dudley would (wallow) in self-pity when denied treats. Luna maintained her (cheerfulness) despite bullying from others. Aunt Petunia's kitchen sink was filled with (soapsuds) as she washed dishes. The Gryffindor table was made of solid (oaken) wood that had served generations. The castle was especially beautiful during (wintry) snowfalls.
Harry waited (disconsolately) for news about Sirius. Ron's glasses sat (awry) on his nose after the Quidditch crash. "Don't touch that," said Hermione (snappishly) when Ron reached for the Time-Turner. Fudge tried to (oust) Dumbledore from his position as headmaster. The (realisation) that Scabbers was Peter Pettigrew stunned everyone. Harry stared in (incredulity) at the returned Triwizard Cup. "I remember when," said Hagrid (reminiscently) about Harry's parents. Players formed a (scrum) around the Quidditch referee after the controversial call. The Order would (liaise) with Ministry allies secretly. Dragon claws would (scuff) the ground before taking flight.
Several minutes would (elapse) before the potion changed color. Luna spoke with a dreamy (lilt) that distinguished her voice. The spell would (upend) furniture when cast incorrectly. Hermione tried to (dissuade) Harry from dangerous plans. Professor McGonagall walked with (purposeful) strides through the corridors. Luna was considered an (oddball) by many of her classmates. The Hippogriff would (pinion) intruders with its sharp talons. The dragon's (lair) was hidden deep within the mountain. Lockhart was a complete (buffoon) despite his celebrity status. The magical horse would (neigh) loudly before taking flight.
The Daily Prophet would (slander) Harry to discredit his warnings. The mask had a single (eyehole) for the Death Eater to see through. The Full Body-Bind Curse would (immobilise) victims completely. Hagrid's (carpetbag) contained various mysterious creatures. Ron would (flounder) in Potions without Hermione's help. Fred and George's (jest) made even Professor McGonagall smile slightly. Tonks appeared in a ridiculous Halloween (getup) for Harry's birthday. The lawn was covered with (dandelions) that Sprout harvested for potions. The (newscaster) reported strange mists caused by Dementors. The magical fireworks were truly (astounding) even by wizarding standards.
Mr. Weasley wore a straw (boater) hat during their summer visit. The (hoodlum) from Knockturn Alley tried to sell Harry suspicious items. The (whelk) shell contained a rare potion ingredient from the sea. Ginny would (sniffle) when remembering her experience with Riddle's diary. The old wireless had a (scratchy) sound that irritated Mrs. Weasley. It was a (fateful) day when Harry first received his Hogwarts letter. The children rode the magical (carousel) at the wizarding fair. Hagrid grew enormous (beets) in his garden behind the hut. Professor Grubbly-Plank sat (astride) the fence while teaching. The unusual (birdcage) contained a color-changing magical canary.
Magical (dormice) scurried through the Forbidden Forest at night. (Seaweed) was gathered from the lake for advanced potions. Hagrid took a (rowboat) across the lake with the first-years. The (warty) toad escaped from Neville's hands during Transfiguration. Hagrid would (clout) anyone who threatened his magical creatures. The (swarthy) goblin examined the gold carefully before accepting it. The Burrow was a (multilevel) home that defied architectural logic. Snape stored memories in a crystal (phial) for the Pensieve. The hidden (ravine) concealed the entrance to the giant colony. "This is (infernal)!" exclaimed Ron when his wand malfunctioned again.
The trunk was magically (collapsible) for easier transport. Harry's wand was (swishy) and excellent for charm work. Luna wore (glittery) radish earrings that she'd made herself. Dragon hide was remarkably (supple) when used for protective gloves. "Longbottom is a (duffer) at potions," remarked Snape cruelly. Harry was (destined) to confront Voldemort according to the prophecy. Gabrielle had a charming (dimple) when she smiled at Harry. (Transfiguration) was one of the most difficult magical disciplines. Mundungus was a (waster) who stole from Grimmauld Place. Ollivander described the unicorn hair wand as (whippy) and precise.
The lighting in the common room was warm and (mellow) in the evenings. "This wand is a (dud)," complained Ron after another failed spell. The owl perched (atop) the highest tower to deliver messages. "This is absolute (tripe)," muttered Ron about Trelawney's predictions. The house-elves would (toil) endlessly in the Hogwarts kitchens. The twins packed (sardines) into Filch's office as a prank. The knights showed remarkable (chivalry) in the wizard chess set. The roast was covered in rich (gravy) during the feast. The revelation (dumbfounded) everyone in the Great Hall. Professor Snape was (sniffy) about Slughorn's teaching methods.
"I won," said Draco (gloatingly) after the Quidditch match. The Devil's Snare would (smother) its victims if they struggled. A strand of (saliva) hung from the troll's mouth as it lumbered forward. The gilded cage would (ensnare) magical creatures for study. Professor Sprout cultivated (aconite) in a special greenhouse. Harry dodged the (javelin) during the magical tournament challenge. Lockhart was unnecessarily (boastful) about his supposed achievements. Molly served fresh-baked (muffins) for breakfast at the Burrow. Fred would (clobber) Bludgers with impressive accuracy during matches. The sudden rain would (dampen) their spirits during outdoor lessons.
Fresh-baked (muffins) filled the air with a delicious aroma at the Burrow. Fear of Voldemort would (overshadow) celebrations in the wizarding world. Slughorn would (wheedle) famous students into joining his special club. The ancient rune (inscription) glowed with magical energy. A strand of (saliva) hung from Fluffy's mouth as he slept. The Devil's Snare would (smother) anyone who panicked in its grasp. Malfoy was (frogmarched) to McGonagall's office after hexing a first-year. Ron caught a large (gar) while fishing in the lake with Hagrid. Crabbe would (clobber) smaller students who got in Malfoy's way. The rain would (dampen) their spirits during long Quidditch practices.
Professor Sinistra was an accomplished (stargazer) who taught Astronomy. Neville used a silver (trowel) in Herbology with remarkable skill. Professor Hooch (refereed) the Quidditch matches with strict fairness. Hagrid sang a gentle (lullaby) to the baby dragon before it hatched. The rebellion would (uprise) against Umbridge's oppressive rule. Nicolas Flamel was a renowned (alchemist) who created the Philosopher's Stone. The escaped dragon caused a (furor) in the wizarding community. The magical cactus was covered with (spiny) defensive needles. The Devil's Snare extended a deadly (tendril) toward Harry's ankle. The curse caused significant (bloodiness) that concerned Madam Pomfrey.
(Bluebells) carpeted the forest floor during springtime at Hogwarts. The choir sang in perfect (treble) during the welcoming feast. Ron complained of a (stomachache) after eating too many sweets. The hospital wing was kept meticulously (hygienic) by Madam Pomfrey. The shop was located (diagonally) across from Gringotts in the Alley. "We'll be friends (forevermore)," promised Hagrid to Harry. The magical (creeper) plant climbed the castle walls each spring. Harry suffered a painful (sunburn) after practicing Quidditch all day. The Knight Bus acted like a magical (steamroller) forcing Muggle vehicles aside. Madam Pomfrey gave Harry a complete (checkup) after his encounter with Dementors.
The bowtruckle made (wiggly) movements across Hagrid's palm. Filch would (repaint) the corridor walls after magical accidents. Hagrid would (mow) the castle lawns before important visitors arrived. Students listened (reverently) as Dumbledore delivered his speech. House-elves moved (nimbly) through the kitchens preparing feasts. The dragon's (loin) was particularly vulnerable to spells. The fairies glowed (aglow) around the Christmas trees in the Great Hall. Bubbles formed a (soapy) mountain in the prefects' bathroom. Luna smiled (rapturously) when discussing magical creatures. The boggart transformed into something (demonic) when facing Neville.
Hagrid used a magical (lasso) to capture the young unicorn safely. Ron enjoyed reading Muggle (comic strips) that Mr. Weasley collected. McGonagall would (relent) after seeing genuine student effort. "I didn't do it," said Peeves (cheekily) despite clear evidence. "Woe (betide) anyone who enters the forest," warned Hagrid. The garden (pigpen) behind Hagrid's hut housed magical creatures. The ancient wand was (knobby) with age and powerful magic. The (sorceress) in the portrait offered advice to passing students. Dumbledore could (quell) even the most chaotic situations effortlessly. Merchants would (haggle) over prices in Diagon Alley's busy marketplace.
"Please help us," begged Neville (cajolingly) to convince Hermione. The elderly (gent) in the portrait guarded a secret passageway. The (apothecary) shop contained ingredients for the most complex potions. A magical (brawl) broke out in the Three Broomsticks after the match. The mermaid's scales were a shimmering (aquamarine) beneath the lake surface. Dudley delivered a powerful (uppercut) during his boxing match. Snape appeared (wrathful) when discovering Harry in his Pensieve memories. Ron was Harry's loyal (sidekick) throughout their adventures. The Room of Requirement was kept (immaculate) by house-elf magic. The (restorative) potion would heal most magical injuries immediately.
The potion turned (mottled) brown when the wrong ingredient was added. Bludgers flew in a (volley) toward the opposing team's Seeker. Aunt Petunia's prized (begonia) won first place at the garden show. Harry noticed a small (hairline) crack in the mysterious object. The spell would (zap) targets with precise accuracy. Lupin looked (wistful) when discussing Harry's parents. The baby mandrake was still (teething) according to Professor Sprout. Tragedy would (befall) the castle during the final battle. Students purchased tickets for the magical (raffle) at the fair. Fred had a (roguish) grin that usually meant trouble was coming.
Myrtle had a perpetually (woeful) expression as she haunted the bathroom. The troll would (slobber) as it lumbered through the corridors. The (kelpie) lurked beneath the surface of the Black Lake. The kitten would (mewl) softly when seeking attention. The sudden (spate) of accidents concerned Professor McGonagall. The ancient wizard wore a decorated (tunic) rather than modern robes. First-years would (prattle) excitedly about their first magic lessons. Mundungus was a known (scalawag) who dealt in stolen goods. Luna could be (fickle) about which creatures she believed existed. The stone would (plunk) into the lake, creating ripples.
The (troupe) of performing wizards entertained during the feast. Ginny's hair was a brilliant (tangerine) red in the sunlight. The house-elf carried a silver (salver) loaded with desserts. The abandoned food had become (maggoty) in the summer heat. The (horseman) of the Apocalypse appeared in Trelawney's tea leaves. Hagrid would (yak) enthusiastically about dangerous creatures. The Hogwarts Express had a comfortable (berth) for the long journey. Myrtle would (mope) around the bathroom pipes for decades. The candles would (taper) down as the night progressed. The (nun) in the painting offered directions to lost students.
"That's (arrant) nonsense," declared McGonagall about Trelawney's prediction. The Headmaster's authority was (overridden) by the Ministry decree. The Pensieve allowed Harry to (reenact) memories for closer examination. The Daily Prophet printed (sensational) stories about Harry's adventures. Snow would (flake) gently onto the castle grounds in winter. The Great Hall ceiling was (agleam) with enchanted stars during dinner. Dumbledore would (lament) the divisions between the houses. Luna's (fanciful) theories often contained surprising truth. The (unsuspecting) students walked into Umbridge's trap. Lockhart tried (vainly) to restore his memory after the accident.
The night sky was (speckled) with brilliant stars during Astronomy lessons. The Whomping Willow would (careen) toward anyone who approached too closely. Neville appeared (distraught) when he couldn't find his toad again. The (lowly) house-elf possessed magic beyond wizard understanding. Filch would (flog) students in the dungeons if Dumbledore allowed it. The baby hippogriff would (toddle) after its mother during Care of Magical Creatures. The greenhouse felt (muggy) even during winter Herbology lessons. The broken wand was a (telltale) sign of the struggle that occurred. Neville's nose was (runny) after working with the pepper plants. The ancient map was (riddled) with secret passages throughout Hogwarts.
The (devastation) after the final battle left parts of Hogwarts in ruins. The History of Magic textbook was surprisingly (instructive) despite Binns' boring lectures. "Well played," said Harry (sportingly) after losing to Ron at chess. Magical creatures were kept in a (matchbox) by the smuggler. Rocks would (jut) dangerously from the mountain path to Hogsmeade. Neville performed a perfect (quickstep) during the Yule Ball, surprising everyone. Luna wore (resplendent) robes decorated with moving suns and moons. Malfoy was deliberately (unfriendly) to Muggle-born students. Garden gnomes would (skitter) away when Crookshanks approached. Ron caught Harry in a playful (headlock) after their snowball fight.
An ink (splotch) ruined Ron's carefully written essay. "It worked!" cried Hermione (ecstatically) when the complex spell succeeded. Mrs. Weasley used magical (detergent) to clean the children's robes. The cauldron rested on a brass (caster) during the brewing process. Mundungus was a wizard of considerable (disrepute) among the Order members. The magical army wore (khaki) uniforms during their training sessions. The Room of Requirement had (hitherto) remained secret from most students. The crystal (tumbler) shattered when Hagrid gripped it too firmly. Buckbeak gazed (balefully) at Malfoy after being insulted. The Triwizard maze was purposely (labyrinthine) to confuse champions.
"Go away," Harry would (shoo) persistent reporters after the tournament. The strange (contraption) whirred and puffed in Dumbledore's office. "I want it now," demanded Dudley (petulantly) about his birthday presents. The attacker was a (nondescript) wizard nobody would remember. The Weasleys would (christen) their children with traditional family names. The potion bubbled in a crystal (beaker) on Snape's desk. A cherub-like (cupid) delivered Valentine messages throughout Hogwarts. "You can't catch me," called Peeves (tauntingly) to Filch. Malfoy would (snicker) whenever Neville struggled in Potions. Pansy insulted Hermione (spitefully) about her bushy hair.
The Quidditch pitch was (floodlit) for evening practices and matches. The attacks would (devastate) the morale of the wizarding community. The magical flower was a vibrant (periwinkle) blue that glowed softly. Bandages would (swathe) Harry's arm after Quidditch injuries. The Devil's Snare had (knotty) vines that tightened with struggle. The (carthorse) pulled the Beauxbatons carriage across Hogwarts grounds. The centaur traveled (unaccompanied) through the Forbidden Forest at night. The ancient (sycamore) tree in the courtyard had witnessed centuries of students. The Great Hall was filled with excited (hubbub) before the feast. The security (sentry) checked all visitors entering the Ministry of Magic.
Harry would never (forsake) his friends despite the dangers they faced. Hermione would (scrunch) her face in concentration during difficult spells. Ron would (bungle) his potions assignments without Hermione's help. Hagrid could lift boulders (mightily) with his giant strength. Students would (slog) through difficult magical theory in advanced classes. The Room of Requirement was truly (wondrous) in its ability to transform. The (serpentine) passageway led deep beneath the castle to the Chamber. Harry felt a strange (lightness) in his chest when casting his Patronus. Dumbledore could (plumb) the depths of magical knowledge effortlessly. The lightning spell would (electrify) the target instantly.
Harry felt a sense of (wonderment) when first seeing Diagon Alley. The house-elves were treated as (downtrodden) servants by most wizarding families. Harry's eyes were (bleary) after staying up all night studying for exams. Ron would (flump) onto his bed exhausted after Quidditch practice. Mundungus was a notorious (layabout) who avoided Order duties. The visiting wizard wore a purple (fez) with silver stars. A single gold (galleon) could purchase supplies for an entire term. Harry would vanish (unaccountably) under his invisibility cloak. Sirius's hollow (cheekbones) showed his years in Azkaban. Kreacher displayed (abject) misery when forced to clean Grimmauld Place.
The invisibility cloak had fallen into (tatters) after years of adventures. The Great Hall was in complete (bedlam) after Fred and George's fireworks display. The dessert table featured a towering (meringue) at the Hogwarts feast. Tom was the elderly (proprietor) of the Leaky Cauldron in Diagon Alley. Crabbe and Goyle were considered (subnormal) in intelligence by most teachers. Harry managed to (elude) Filch while under the invisibility cloak. Mundungus was a (wastrel) who squandered whatever money he acquired. The invisibility cloak was made of (superfine) magical material. Fang was still a (pup) at heart despite his enormous size. Mundungus was a notorious (scrounger) of valuable items at Grimmauld Place.
Snape would (scorn) Harry's potion-making attempts despite his improvements. Mrs. Norris (shooed) the mice away from the kitchen stores. Harry was always (ravenous) after Quidditch practice in cold weather. Neville would frequently (mislay) his toad Trevor around the castle. The summer at Privet Drive was tediously (uneventful) for Harry. Hagrid's beard was thick and (bristly) after returning from his mission. Aunt Marge bred bulldogs with particularly flat (pug) noses. The chocolate (mousse) at the Hogwarts feast was Ron's favorite dessert. Students who ran (afoul) of Umbridge faced severe punishment. Harry savored every (morsel) of his first Hogwarts feast after summers of deprivation.
From the very (outset), Harry knew Malfoy would be trouble. Mundungus was a dishonest (knave) who stole from the Order. Mundungus would (swill) firewhisky whenever visiting the Hog's Head. The unexpected inheritance was a financial (windfall) for the Weasleys. Luna showed remarkable (receptivity) to unusual magical concepts. Dark creatures would (perish) when faced with a powerful Patronus. Madame Malkin sold a beautiful (crinoline) dress for the Yule Ball. Lockhart was an insufferable (braggart) about his supposed achievements. "We might (perchance) discover the answer in this book," suggested Hermione. The sword of Gryffindor appeared without its (scabbard) when needed.
Fred and George handled their joke shop business (admirably) despite their youth. The magical (wader) bird could stand in the deepest part of the lake. Harry was (tremendously) relieved when Ron recovered from being poisoned. Ron's dress robes were embarrassingly (tatty) for the Yule Ball. Hagrid's magical creatures were often (unmanageable) even for experienced handlers. Hagrid walked (dejectedly) back to his hut after Buckbeak's sentencing. The (roan) hippogriff pawed the ground impatiently in Hagrid's paddock. The Battle of Hogwarts caused significant (bloodshed) throughout the castle. Fred and George's products were often quite (comical) in their effects. The troll attempted to (bludgeon) Harry with its massive club.
Crookshanks chased after a (mangy) rat that wasn't Scabbers. The Hungarian Horntail was particularly (ferocious) during the first task. The students had to cross a marshy (bog) to reach Hagrid's hut after the rain. "Potter is late again," said Snape (insolently) to McGonagall. Harry slept (fitfully) when his scar connected him to Voldemort. Rita Skeeter's article was a complete (bombshell) in the wizarding community. Neville would (botch) his potions regularly under Snape's intimidation. Crabbe was a (pushover) in a duel despite his size. Grawp was a small (ogre) by giant standards. Binns lectured (listlessly) about goblin rebellions for hours.
The old broomstick had a (splintery) handle from years of use. The mermaid had a gracefully (curvy) tail beneath the water's surface. Ron especially enjoyed the (nougat) from Honeydukes sweet shop. Hermione would rarely (demur) when asked for help with homework. Dumbledore offered Harry a (bonbon) during their meeting. The spell would (upturn) furniture across the classroom when cast incorrectly. The Three Broomsticks became (rowdy) on Hogsmeade weekends. The (crone) in the portrait guarded a secret passage to the kitchens. Sirius would (bequeath) all his possessions to Harry upon his death. Ron enjoyed (sherbert) balls that made you levitate slightly.
Crabbe would (chomp) loudly on sweets during Potions lessons. "Don't get (shirty) with me," warned Ron when Harry snapped at him. The scent of freshly baked bread would (pervade) the Great Hall during breakfast. The (thunderbolt) shaped scar on Harry's forehead burned when Voldemort was near. Death Eaters would (maraud) through villages, causing terror and destruction. Hagrid served tiny (chipolata) sausages at his Christmas party. Hermione needed no (prompting) to answer questions in class. Percy was considered a (turncoat) by his family after joining the Ministry. Snape refused to (divulge) his true loyalties until the very end. Fang was a cowardly (mongrel) despite his intimidating size.
Hagrid wielded a (hatchet) to chop wood for his fireplace. "Trelawney is a complete (loon)," whispered Ron during Divination. The (yeoman) warder guided tourists through magical sections of the Tower. Harry's flying ability was truly (phenomenal) even in his first year. The fairy could (pirouette) gracefully in midair while sprinkling magical dust. Harry was (exceedingly) grateful for Ron and Hermione's friendship. Harry showed remarkable (heroism) when facing Voldemort alone. The winter air was (nipping) at their ears during Hogsmeade visits. Dobby was (saintly) in his devotion to Harry Potter. The strange noises caused (disquiet) throughout the dormitory at night.
Fred and George laughed (unrestrainedly) at their successful prank. Harry felt a sense of (contentment) during peaceful moments at the Burrow. A single (teardrop) fell from Dumbledore's eye as he shared the painful memory. The Bowtruckle made (wriggly) movements across Hagrid's palm. The (doddery) old wizard shuffled slowly through Diagon Alley. The atmosphere was (edgy) before the first task of the tournament. The centaur attacked the Ministry officials in an (unprovoked) manner. Hagrid would (blubber) emotionally when discussing his magical creatures. Ron would (bemoan) his poor luck throughout the Triwizard Tournament. Students would (laze) by the lake during free periods on warm days.
Hermione's handwriting was perfectly (legible) even when taking rapid notes. The situation became a political (quagmire) after Dumbledore's removal. Snape spoke (venomously) when discussing James Potter. Ron made a (thoughtless) comment that hurt Hermione's feelings. The cave served as a perfect (hideout) for Sirius near Hogsmeade. The young phoenix had just (fledged) and was learning to fly. The Blast-Ended Skrewts would (squish) anything in their path. Lockhart's behavior bordered on (lunacy) according to Professor McGonagall. Greyback had a (wolfish) smile that terrified his victims. Snape seemed (crosser) than usual after the Quidditch match.
Krum could (hypnotize) the crowd with his spectacular flying skills. The castle (battlements) provided a strategic view of the grounds. Draco's face turned (ashen) when he saw the Dark Mark. Madam Pomfrey created a magical (splint) for Harry's broken wrist. "Follow me," whispered Hagrid (huskily) as they entered the forest. The dragon's (muzzle) was secured before transporting it to Hogwarts. Wormtail would (grovel) pathetically before Voldemort. Fred managed to (wangle) extra desserts from the kitchen elves. "That went well," said Harry (wryly) after the disastrous lesson. Harry felt (groggy) after being stunned during practice.
The rose thorn would (prick) anyone who touched it carelessly. The Shrieking Shack was in serious (disrepair) after years of abandonment. The (buildup) of tension before the final task was palpable. Lucius Malfoy was notoriously (snobbish) toward less wealthy families. Percy was a (meddler) in his siblings' affairs at Hogwarts. The History of Magic class was particularly (wearisome) in the warm afternoon. Harry had to (outwit) the dragon during the first task. The Ministry's treatment of Harry was a (travesty) of justice. Kingsley spoke (soberly) about the growing dangers. Ron's broken wand was tossed by the (wayside) after replacing it.
The potion had an unusual (unnaturalness) in both color and scent. Mrs. Weasley would (knead) bread dough by hand despite magical alternatives. Madam Malkin's was a popular wizarding (outfitter) in Diagon Alley. The ancient carpet featured a magical (ruga) that changed patterns. Dudley had gained significant (poundage) over the summer holiday. Butterbeer was delightfully (fizzy) and warmed them on cold days. Harry developed a (suntan) while degnoming the garden at the Burrow. Neville's hands were (tremulous) as he handled the volatile potion. Harry would (savor) every moment at the Burrow during summer visits. Ron uttered a (swearword) that made Hermione gasp in shock.
The cauldron made an ominous (scraping) sound against the stone floor. Snape delivered a scathing (diatribe) about Harry's potion-making abilities. Hagrid showed them a rare magical (wolverine) during Care of Magical Creatures. Harry found a quiet (nook) in the library to study undisturbed. Hermione's (punctuality) for classes was legendary among students. The (tinpot) dictator Umbridge created educational decrees constantly. Hermione would check her work (compulsively) before submitting assignments. Students would (perspire) heavily in the hot greenhouse during Herbology. Stone (chippings) littered the path after the explosion spell. Harry discovered a hidden (cranny) behind the statue where he could hide.
"I'll be back in a (jiffy)," promised Ron before rushing off. Harry heard someone whispering (indistinctly) behind the closed door. The situation presented a serious (complication) for their escape plan. An unexpected (turnup) in events changed their plans completely. Percy spoke (sanctimoniously) about following Ministry regulations. Fred was the (joker) of the family who never took anything seriously. The invisibility cloak was surprisingly (flimsy) despite its magical power. The (honeysuckle) around Hagrid's hut attracted magical hummingbirds. Dragon handling left Charlie with a (callus) on each hand. Dumbledore traveled (incognito) to gather information about Voldemort.
Harry packed his (rucksack) quickly before leaving Privet Drive. Draco showed complete (unconcern) for others' feelings or needs. The potion had to be (diluted) before it was safe to drink. Hagrid brought a (sackful) of rock cakes to Harry in the hospital wing. The textbook was too (bulky) to carry comfortably between classes. The secret room had a golden (bellpull) that summoned house-elves. Miss Muffet sat on her (tuffet) in the magical nursery rhyme book. Molly was delighted when another (grandchild) joined the Weasley family. The old car looked (manky) after its time in the Forbidden Forest. The flying Ford Anglia lost its (hubcap) during the crash landing.
Filch complained about his (lumbago) when climbing the castle stairs. The Quidditch players moved (upfield) toward the opposing goal posts. The elaborate (confection) was served at the Hogwarts Christmas feast. Diagon Alley was the main (thoroughfare) for wizarding shops in London. The small (hillock) provided a perfect view of the Quidditch pitch. Birds would gather at the stone (birdbath) near Hagrid's garden. The magical (sundial) showed more than just the time in the castle courtyard. The weather (vane) on the Burrow's roof was shaped like a rooster. Mrs. Weasley wore a flannel (nightgown) when investigating nighttime disturbances. Dobby's sock was surprising (handiwork) for a house-elf.
There were no (takers) for Hagrid's rock cakes at the tea party. The tiny (midge) flew around Harry's head as he studied. The Ministry placed an (embargo) on flying carpets for safety reasons. Molly was on the (warpath) after discovering Fred and George's joke shop plans. Harry's heart felt (dicky) after the stunning spell hit him. The (hunchback) gargoyle guarded the entrance to Dumbledore's office. Percy was a (spoilsport) during family Quidditch games at the Burrow. "Welcome," greeted Slughorn (cordially) to his selected students. The boat was slightly (leaky) as they crossed the lake to Hogwarts. First-years would (idolize) Harry because of his famous reputation.
The angry (hornet) buzzed around the Potions classroom, disrupting the lesson. Class would (recommence) after the boggart was safely contained. Gilderoy Lockhart would (preen) himself before every lesson. The Great Hall was (adorned) with floating pumpkins for Halloween. The (teeny) fairy lights decorated the Christmas trees magnificently. The dragon attacked with surprising (ferocity) during the first task. The Triwizard Tournament served as a (springboard) for international cooperation. Mundungus would (cadge) drinks from anyone at the Hog's Head. The twins' music was deliberately (discordant) to annoy Percy. Malfoy showed blatant (disrespect) toward Hagrid during lessons.
The centaur was technically a (nonhuman) being according to Ministry classification. "What happened?" asked Luna (inquiringly) after the commotion. The bad news seemed to (deject) Harry throughout the day. The Howler would (blare) its message loudly throughout the Great Hall. The tangled Devil's Snare would (impede) their progress through the trapdoor. The skilled (puppeteer) created a magical show for the students. Harry helped (unmask) Quirrell as Voldemort's servant during his first year. Sirius looked (forlorn) after months of hiding as a fugitive. The enchanted (marionette) danced across the stage without visible strings. Ron was surprisingly (gallant) when defending Hermione from Malfoy's insults.
The walls were (peeling) in the abandoned section of Hogwarts. A (thunderclap) echoed across the grounds during the storm. Someone was (whistling) eerily down the empty corridor late at night. Professor Sprout carefully harvested (belladonna) for advanced potions. The unused classroom had begun to (molder) from years of neglect. The silvery (specter) of the Bloody Baron haunted the Slytherin dungeon. Hot (cinders) flew from the fireplace as the log collapsed. "What a complete (pillock)," muttered Ron when Malfoy showed off again. The house-elf remained (unobtrusive) while cleaning the common room. Hermione would (quibble) over the finer points of magical theory.
The curse would (deform) its victims permanently without treatment. The students were (spellbound) by Dumbledore's impressive wandwork. The towering (gateau) was served at the Hogwarts Christmas feast. "Can't breathe," gasped Neville (wheezily) after running to the classroom. The place was (reminiscent) of the Burrow in its comfortable chaos. The sculptor used a magical (chisel) that worked the stone independently. Different magical traditions would (intermingle) during the Triwizard Tournament. Not a single (crumb) remained on Ron's plate after dinner. The Shrieking Shack had a (spooky) reputation among Hogsmeade villagers. Students would (ramble) around the lake during free periods.
Rita Skeeter was a journalistic (nonentity) before her Harry Potter stories. The water in the cave looked (scummy) and unsafe to touch. The Death Eaters' threat was quite (overt) after Dumbledore's death. The killing curse would (disembowel) victims according to Moody's graphic description. Bellatrix showed unusual (vindictiveness) even among Death Eaters. The phoenix's song provided (uplift) to everyone who heard it. Harry was (riveted) by the memory in Dumbledore's Pensieve. The Ministry would (dole) out harsh punishments to suspected Death Eaters. Hagrid's voice was deep and (gravelly) when he was upset. The thestral's eyes had a (baleful) glow in the darkness.
Professor McGonagall would (commend) students who mastered difficult transfigurations. Moaning Myrtle became (hysteric) when teased about her death. The acrobatic wizard performed on a magical (trapeze) during the celebration. The medieval torture device included magical (thumbscrews) that adjusted themselves. The small (vole) scurried across the Herbology greenhouse floor. The dangerous (cockatrice) was studied only in advanced Care of Magical Creatures. Dumbledore looked (pensive) as he considered the mysterious memory. Professor Lupin was (tactful) when discussing Harry's difficulties with dementors. Harry managed to (evade) Filch while under the invisibility cloak. Harry climbed another (rung) on the magical ladder to reach the book.
Unusual opportunities would (arise) for students during the Triwizard Tournament. The French (bouillabaisse) was served during the welcoming feast for Beauxbatons. The orange (rind) was a crucial ingredient in their advanced potion. Hermione was unusually (attentive) during Professor Lockhart's lessons. Lockhart would (smarm) his way into photo opportunities with Harry. Luna's voice had a (fruity) quality that distinguished it from others. The parents became (vociferous) when demanding answers about the basilisk. Umbridge would (fawn) disgustingly over Ministry officials during inspections. Malfoy would (collude) with Umbridge against Dumbledore's supporters. The creamy (blancmange) was Ron's favorite dessert at Hogwarts feasts.
The (sloth) demon moved incredibly slowly in Defense Against the Dark Arts. Ludo Bagman would (bamboozle) people with betting schemes during the tournament. The ancient scroll was thin and (papery) with age. Students created (makeshift) defensive barriers during the Battle of Hogwarts. "It was adequate," was McGonagall's (understatement) for an outstanding performance. Professor Slughorn was remarkably (jovial) during his dinner parties for favored students. Death Eaters would (ransack) homes searching for Harry Potter. Arthur Weasley was (paternal) toward all of Harry's friends. Molly pressed Harry to her (bosom) in a motherly embrace. The (searchlight) spell illuminated the entire forest clearing instantly.
Romilda Vane became (melodramatic) when her love potion failed to work on Harry. "Luna is a complete (dingbat)," whispered Lavender behind her back. Death Eaters would (waylay) victims on isolated country roads. The ornate (rosewood) wand belonged to Bellatrix Lestrange. The ship (hove) into view as Durmstrang arrived for the tournament. Cedric Diggory enjoyed considerable (prominence) among Hufflepuff students. Aunt Marge had a (mannish) appearance that Uncle Vernon ignored. Professor Trelawney was notoriously (temperamental) about her teaching methods. Students would (gawp) at Harry because of his famous lightning scar. Professor Snape would (patronize) Neville during Potions lessons.
Hagrid served pickled (artichokes) during his dinner for Madame Maxime. The innocent (bystander) was accidentally hit by the stray spell. The phoenix song would (enrapture) everyone who heard its magical notes. Filch was deliberately (disobliging) toward students he disliked. Percy always carried a neatly pressed (hanky) in his pocket. Hermione remained (adamant) about continuing S.P.E.W. despite ridicule. Filch would (buttonhole) students in corridors to question them. The centaur's (sinewy) arms pulled back the bow with immense strength. Professor McGonagall looked (askance) at the twins' explanation for the explosion. Dumbledore remained (unruffled) despite the Ministry's attempts to remove him.
The Goblin paid Harry in gold (specie) from his vault at Gringotts. The tension built to a (crescendo) during the final task of the tournament. The twins created a (diversionary) tactic to distract Filch from their prank. Gilderoy Lockhart was a charismatic (charmer) despite his fraudulent nature. "I'm rather (peckish)," admitted Ron before the feast began. Harry sympathized with the (underdog) in any confrontation or competition. "Come here, (laddie)," called Hagrid to the nervous first-year. "He's a (goner) if Filch catches him," whispered Fred about their younger brother. Lockhart's stories were ridiculously (overblown) and mostly fabricated. The magical artifacts would (imbue) their holders with temporary powers.
The feeding (trough) in Hagrid's paddock contained mysterious meat for thestrals. "That's complete (balderdash)," exclaimed McGonagall at Trelawney's prediction. The troll's smell was utterly (repulsive) even from a distance. Lockhart's concerns were (frivolous) compared to the Chamber's threat. A silver (horseshoe) hung over Hagrid's door for luck. The memory in the Pensieve had a (crystalline) clarity that fascinated Harry. "This must remain (confidentially) between us," insisted Dumbledore seriously. Freezing (sleet) pelted against the Quidditch players during the match. The promising new (comer) joined the Quidditch team as a Chaser. Hagrid required specially (outsized) furniture for his massive frame.
The tension would (heighten) as the third task of the tournament approached. "He's completely (barmy)," remarked Ron about Lockhart's outlandish claims. Students would (socialize) in the Great Hall between classes. Wizard chess was Harry's favorite (pastime) at Hogwarts. Magical (fowl) populated the lake on the castle grounds. Dumbledore took (drastic) measures to protect the Philosopher's Stone. Hogwarts was considered (impregnable) until Death Eaters infiltrated it. The Quidditch team would (outdo) themselves during the final match. The complex spell was a (cinch) for Hermione to master. The old (codger) at the Hog's Head watched them suspiciously.
Harry carried a (penknife) that could unlock any door until it melted. Professor Slughorn offered a rare (liqueur) to his favorite students. Harry had a strange (magnetism) that drew others to follow him. The twins grinned (mischievously) as they planned their next prank. The letter confused the intended (addressee) with its cryptic message. The meal included a delicious (savory) pie that satisfied even Ron's appetite. The (weeny) fairy lights decorated the Christmas trees in the Great Hall. The magical (grotto) contained rare crystalline formations. Hagrid was slightly (tipsy) after a few tankards of mead. The village (vicar) was confused by the strange occurrences near Godric's Hollow.
The mermaid would (serenade) swimmers with an enchanting but dangerous song. The water (nymph) emerged gracefully from the Black Lake during the second task. Slytherin's locket was (artfully) concealed in the cave by dark magic. Fleur wore (floaty) silver robes for the Yule Ball that caught everyone's attention. The boggart would (jiggle) strangely before transforming into your worst fear. The centaur played a wooden (lute) that enchanted the forest creatures. Students were forbidden to (fraternize) with Durmstrang competitors during the tournament. Dumbledore would (divert) attention from Harry when necessary. The Hungarian (goulash) served at the feast was Krum's favorite dish. The hag would (accost) wizards in Knockturn Alley with strange offers.
An (unspoken) agreement existed between Harry and Dumbledore about certain dangers. A large (consignment) of Weasley's Wizard Wheezes arrived at Hogwarts secretly. The winter path became (slushy) as snow melted around the castle. Moaning Myrtle was prone to fits of (hysteria) when reminded of her death. Professor Slughorn enjoyed considerable (repute) among potion-makers. Malfoy's family demonstrated clear (bigotry) against Muggle-born students. The Daily Prophet was printed on standard (newsprint) that smudged easily. Illness would (indispose) students during the grueling exam periods. Water (condensation) formed on the cold dungeon walls during winter. The magical (pickax) would mine for precious stones independently.
Fawkes gave a beautiful (rendition) of phoenix song that calmed everyone. Harry could only (surmise) what Dumbledore's plan actually entailed. The young couple attempted to (elope) despite family objections. "Help me," called the ghost (plaintively) from the abandoned bathroom. Ron would (fritter) away study time playing wizard chess. Mundungus would (pilfer) valuable items from Grimmauld Place to sell. The boat remained (apart) from the others on the Black Lake. McGonagall would (shelve) certain rules during emergencies. Mrs. Weasley wrapped Harry in a warm (flannel) blanket after his ordeal. Harry had to (forgo) Hogsmeade visits without a signed permission slip.
Owl wings made a gentle (fluttering) sound as they delivered mail. Pettigrew's (treachery) had cost Harry his parents. Filch would (chivvy) students away from forbidden corridors. "Fine," sighed Harry (resignedly) when given another detention. The task seemed completely (undoable) without Hermione's help. Mud and (silt) clogged the path to Hagrid's hut after heavy rain. The (periscope) allowed them to see over the tall hedge maze. The (expanse) of the Forbidden Forest stretched beyond the castle grounds. Harry would (tarry) after class to speak privately with Dumbledore. Hermione worked (laboriously) through the complex transfiguration problem.
Magical remedies could cure any (ailment) except death itself. Luna was unusually (vivacious) when discussing creatures others couldn't see. Dumbledore's (demise) affected the entire wizarding community profoundly. The Sorting Hat was the ultimate (sorter) of Hogwarts students. Hermione was the (brainiest) student in their year by far. Slytherins were known for their (devious) approaches to achieving goals. Filch was particularly (tetchy) during the Triwizard Tournament disruptions. Ginny was completely (smitten) with Harry from their first meeting. Fawkes provided (solace) during Dumbledore's darkest moments. Umbridge wore a velvet (choker) that resembled a pink noose.
Mundungus would (scrounge) food whenever visiting the Burrow. Betraying Dumbledore's Army would bring eternal (dishonor) among students. Hermione was refreshingly (outspoken) about house-elf rights. The castle wall contained a hidden (fissure) that led to secret passages. Ron enjoyed the turkey (drumstick) most during Hogwarts feasts. Dobby was an exceptionally (lovable) house-elf despite his peculiarities. Flitwick had somewhat (elfin) features due to his goblin ancestry. The (ventriloquist) wizard amazed students with his magical performance. Sirius's Animagus form was distinctly (doglike) in its mannerisms. "The situation looks (fishier) than the Black Lake," remarked Fred suspiciously.
Slytherins would (snipe) at Gryffindors with cutting remarks during classes. Harry would (sidestep) personal questions about his connection to Voldemort. The Ministry offered a substantial (payoff) to anyone with information about Sirius. The school term began (anew) with yet another Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. The (vagrant) wizard slept in different locations around Hogsmeade village. Norbert was surprisingly (cuddly) despite being a dangerous dragon. Snape maintained a personal (vendetta) against Harry throughout his school years. Hagrid carried a (pocketful) of treats for magical creatures. A strand of (spittle) hung from the troll's mouth as it lumbered forward. Hagrid's face was (stubbly) after several days in the mountains.
The girls would (titter) nervously when Viktor Krum entered the library. Snape's (sardonic) comments discouraged students from asking questions. Voldemort's (fixation) with the prophecy led to his downfall. Harry sensed something was (amiss) in the suspiciously quiet corridor. A sudden (outcry) arose from the Slytherin table during the feast. The ghost had a (whitish) translucent appearance as it floated through the wall. Harry experienced a (premonition) of danger through his scar. The gold (prospector) in Diagon Alley examined Harry's Galleons carefully. The future looked (bleak) with Voldemort's forces gaining power. The Death Eaters committed (heinous) crimes against Muggle-born witches and wizards.
The Ministry (patroller) inspected Hogsmeade regularly for security breaches. The (finality) of Dumbledore's death shocked the entire wizarding world. Harry had a sudden (brainwave) about the location of the Horcrux. The Triwizard Tournament presented a significant (hurdle) for all champions. Sirius would (reminisce) about his time at Hogwarts with Harry's father. The broom's (underside) was inscribed with its model number. Harry had (naught) but his courage when facing the dragon. The difficult (ascent) up the Astronomy Tower left first-years breathless. Their paths would (intersect) again according to Professor Trelawney's prediction. The Ministry's corrupt (underbelly) was exposed after Voldemort's return.
The potion had a (gluey) consistency that stuck to the cauldron. Harry was overwhelmed by the (immensity) of the task before him. Pettigrew's (traitorous) betrayal led to the Potters' deaths. The memory was stored in a small crystal (vial) for the Pensieve. The Fiendfyre would (obliterate) everything in its destructive path. The (commoner) in the village was actually a disguised wizard. Dumbledore made an Unbreakable (vow) to protect the school. Dumbledore was (merciful) even toward those who sought to harm him. Quidditch injuries often included a (sprained) wrist or ankle. The Horcrux would (entomb) a fragment of Voldemort's soul indefinitely.
Pixies would (cavort) mischievously around the classroom when released. The path was (treacherous) with hidden pitfalls and traps. The Room of Requirement was a (veritable) treasure trove of hidden objects. The (jackal) Animagus slunk through the shadows avoiding detection. Harry couldn't (conceive) of a world without the threat of Voldemort. Dumbledore observed social (niceties) even in dangerous situations. Lockhart's (idiocy) was revealed when he tried to obliviate Harry and Ron. The (dueler) took a traditional stance before firing the first spell. Sirius Black came from a family of questionable (nobility) despite his own good character. Professor Sprout added (peppery) dragon fertilizer to her magical plants.
Harry remained (resolute) despite the overwhelming odds against him. Hermione defeated Ron (soundly) in every wizard chess match. The wolf's (hackles) rose as it sensed the approaching werewolf. The goblin (envoy) delivered an important message from Gringotts. Ron felt (nauseous) after accidentally eating Bertie Bott's vomit-flavored bean. Harry's courage would (exemplify) the best qualities of Gryffindor House. Snape was (obstinate) in his refusal to explain his actions. The spell tore the parchment (asunder) with explosive force. "Where are you going?" asked Luna (interrogatively) when Harry left the party. Luna's discovery drew an (exclamation) of surprise from everyone present.
The curse would (constrain) the victim's movements completely. Dobby's loyalty would (endear) him to Harry despite his troublesome help. The (resultant) explosion destroyed half the potions classroom. The afternoon (siesta) was interrupted by the arrival of unexpected guests. The swamp became (pestilential) after being cursed by dark magic. Godric Gryffindor would (unsheathe) his sword only in times of great need. The garden (sprinkler) created rainbows in the summer sunshine. The use of (hosepipes) was banned during the drought at Privet Drive. The gift would (gratify) even the most demanding recipient. The magical insect's (antennae) detected traces of dark magic nearby.
Rita Skeeter wrote (bitingly) critical articles about Harry in the Daily Prophet. Parvati received a magical (manicure) that changed nail color hourly. The aging potion made Harry (feebler) than he'd ever felt before. Krum had an impressive (physique) from years of Quidditch training. Hagrid would (douse) the fire before leaving his hut unattended. Malfoy had the (gall) to claim Harry was seeking attention. The sword would (cleave) through the strongest magical protections. The aroma would (tantalize) everyone who passed the kitchen. Aunt Petunia was constantly (dieting) despite her already thin frame. The whip curse would (flay) victims with invisible lashes.
Hagrid would (galumph) across the grounds with his massive strides. Magical plants would (burgeon) overnight in Professor Sprout's greenhouse. The stunning spell would (stupefy) victims instantly when cast properly. The twins created complete (kerfuffle) with their portable swamp. Snape lay (supine) after Nagini's venomous attack. "That's complete (codswallop)," Hagrid declared about the Ministry's claims. "Leave (forthwith)," commanded Professor McGonagall to the intruder. The (basset) hound sniffed suspiciously at Sirius in his Animagus form. Dumbledore's position was (unassailable) despite Ministry interference. Butterbeer was (spilt) across the table when Neville bumped it.
A strange (lethargy) overcame students who ventured into the cursed corridor. Hermione used a magical (plunger) to unclog the flooded bathroom sink. Mundungus was a notorious (slob) who left messes wherever he visited. Snape would (invariably) find fault with Harry's potions. Professor McGonagall was particularly (snappish) before important examinations. The (chameleon) could change its appearance similar to a Metamorphmagus. Luna would (fantasize) about discovering creatures no one else believed existed. The serpent-shaped (doorknocker) guarded the entrance to the Slytherin common room. The potion had a (sweetish) scent that masked its dangerous effects. The magical (tremor) shook the entire castle to its foundations.
The abandoned classroom was (cobwebby) after years of disuse. The dinner table was (overladen) with a magnificent Hogwarts feast. Fawkes sang in (dulcet) tones that calmed everyone who heard him. "I didn't do it," lied Peeves (unblushingly) despite clear evidence. Harry (leant) against the wall, exhausted after Quidditch practice. The potion's (vileness) made Ron gag when attempting to drink it. The Horcrux was an (abomination) that corrupted anyone who possessed it. Neville's plant looked (droopy) after being neglected during the holidays. Hagrid carried a large (bale) of hay for the thestrals. Ron was (gangly) and awkward compared to his brothers' athletic builds.
The centaurs' forest (habitation) was sacred to their kind. Harry acted (rashly) when facing the troll without a plan. The strange (protuberance) on the magical plant pulsed alarmingly. Neville would (garble) spell incantations when nervous during lessons. "Goyle is completely (gormless)," whispered Malfoy to Crabbe during Potions. Snape's (beaklike) nose was prominent in his severe face. The spell came together with surprising (rapidity) under Hermione's skillful wand. A (frisson) of excitement ran through the crowd as Harry entered the arena. Mrs. Weasley would (mollycoddle) her children despite their protestations. Fudge tried to (demote) Dumbledore from his position at Hogwarts.
Malfoy would (perpetrate) mischief and blame others for it. The heavy book made a (thunk) sound as it landed on the table. The dragon was (covetous) of its golden egg during the first task. Professor McGonagall would (induct) new students into Gryffindor House. "That complete (swine)," muttered Ron after Malfoy insulted Hermione. Percy was technically (overage) for Hogwarts but continued as Head Boy. The Blacks would (disown) family members who supported Muggles. The gnome (infestation) in the Burrow's garden required regular degnoming. The house-elves (laded) delicious stew into bowls for the feast. Ginny's (gingery) hair matched the other Weasleys' trademark color.
Harry would (unbolt) the door carefully to avoid waking the Dursleys. The ghost spoke in a (sepulchral) voice that echoed through the hall. The wand had a silver (inlay) that depicted magical creatures. Hagrid's rock cakes were notoriously (crusty) and nearly inedible. Ron's tie hung (crookedly) despite Hermione's attempts to fix it. The spell would (impale) targets with conjured arrows of light. Professor McGonagall's office was (austere) but comfortable. Crabbe was a notorious (vandal) of school property after hours. The Slytherin (locket) was hidden in the gloomy house for years. The complex spell would (flummox) even experienced wizards.
Harry's (truthfulness) about Voldemort's return was questioned by the Ministry. Mrs. Weasley was (indulgent) with her children's magical experiments. Malfoy's (flagrant) disregard for rules infuriated Hermione. "That's complete (bilge)," growled Moody about the Daily Prophet's claims. Lucius Malfoy wore a (supercilious) expression when addressing Arthur Weasley. The twins' latest prank was a minor (misdemeanor) according to McGonagall. "That's a (tarradiddle)," exclaimed Ron when hearing Lockhart's impossible story. Binns' lessons were notoriously (vapid) and put students to sleep. The fairy was (teensy) compared to the pixies they studied. Neville (inadvertently) caused explosions during Potions class.
The ancient broomstick needed a fresh coat of (varnish) before flying. Fleur performed a graceful (curtsey) before beginning her Triwizard task. The (estrangement) between Percy and his family pained Mrs. Weasley deeply. Luna would (rhapsodize) enthusiastically about creatures others couldn't see. Dobby's years of (servility) under the Malfoys left lasting emotional scars. Neville would (dither) anxiously before attempting complex spells. First-years became (giddy) with excitement during their first flying lesson. Magical creatures had an (inbuilt) defense mechanism against certain spells. Mad-Eye Moody carried a mysterious (hipflask) that he drank from constantly. Lucius Malfoy was a prominent (backer) of Ministry initiatives.
The transfiguration spell transformed Malfoy into a (baboon) temporarily. The half-giant would (lollop) awkwardly across the grounds to his hut. The (manhunt) for Sirius Black continued throughout Harry's third year. The chimney stack was (sooty) after a winter of constant fires. Luna offered Harry a strange (kumquat)-like fruit from her garden. Harry's scar would (pulsate) painfully when Voldemort was near. The Battle of Hogwarts caused terrible (carnage) throughout the castle. The magical (convoy) transported students safely to Hogwarts. Fred and George created a (spoof) version of the Daily Prophet that amused everyone. The potion smelled (rancid) after being stored improperly for months.
The constant (strife) between houses undermined Dumbledore's unity efforts. Hermione sat (primly) on the edge of her seat during lessons. Professor Sprout would (nurture) rare magical plants with extraordinary care. The Room of Requirement was a treasure (trove) of hidden objects. Magic had a certain (permanence) that Muggle technology lacked. The moon's (fullness) affected Professor Lupin's transformation timing. Harry faced the (selfsame) challenges his parents had years earlier. Malfoy would (amass) followers through intimidation rather than respect. The magical community faced (stagnation) under Ministry corruption. The sudden noise was (jarring) in the silent library.
Luna blinked (owlishly) behind her strange spectacles during class. Snape spoke with unusual (asperity) when addressing Harry's mistakes. The Shrieking Shack was severely (dilapidated) after years of abandonment. "Hello there, (matey)," greeted Hagrid warmly to the nervous first-years. Filch kept his nose to the (grindstone) maintaining the castle alone. "Keep your (pecker) up," encouraged Ron when Harry was feeling low. The secondhand robes would (outwear) new ones despite their appearance. History of Magic was notoriously (soporific) and put most students to sleep. The mystery would (engross) Hermione until she solved it completely. The silver (ewer) contained pumpkin juice for the Welcoming Feast.
Hagrid owned an enormous Irish (wolfhound) named Fang despite his timidity. Students would (embark) on their magical education at age eleven. Sirius remained (secluded) at Grimmauld Place for his own safety. A gentle (drizzle) fell as they walked to Herbology class. Fear (underlay) the Ministry's denial of Voldemort's return. The bowstring would (tauten) as the centaur prepared to fire. Malfoy's attempts at friendship received a firm (rebuff) from Harry. Dumbledore could (mollify) even the angriest parents with his calm wisdom. Professor McGonagall was a strict (disciplinarian) but fair to all students. Ron told a small (fib) to avoid getting detention from Snape.
Filch became especially (cranky) during the Triwizard Tournament disruptions. The Honeydukes sweets were deliciously (sugary) and tempting to all students. Malfoy's words would (slur) together when affected by the Confundus Charm. Madam Pomfrey used a magical (scalpel) for treating serious injuries. Neville's Herbology knowledge was quite (creditable) even according to Professor Sprout. "That's wrong," said Hermione (cuttingly) when correcting Ron's essay. The snake (uncoiled) itself slowly from its resting place. Trelawney was considered a (nutcase) by most logical students. Molly was an accomplished (knitter) of holiday sweaters for her family. Aunt Petunia kept an embroidered (doily) on every surface in her pristine home.
Hagrid would (coax) nervous students into approaching magical creatures. "That's a load of (guff)," muttered Ron about Trelawney's predictions. Ancient magical (detritus) filled the Room of Requirement after centuries. Moaning Myrtle was a perpetual (whiner) about her tragic death. Ancient (pterodactyls) were studied in Care of Magical Creatures history. "It's just a (lark)," explained Fred about their latest prank. Luna's stare was (disconcertingly) direct when speaking about serious matters. The (unwary) student would trigger Peeves' pranks in dark corridors. Dragons were falsely believed (extinct) by Muggles for centuries. The mysterious island was completely (uninhabited) except for magical creatures.
Harry would defend his friends (ardently) against any threat or insult. Being a Parselmouth carried a certain (stigma) in the wizarding world. The various clues would (converge) to reveal the location of the Horcrux. The prophecy orbs were extremely (breakable) and handled with care. Hermione was a true (lifesaver) when it came to exams and homework. The Ministry's policies (aggrieved) many magical creature communities. Inter-house (fraternization) increased during the Triwizard Tournament. Dumbledore made a subtle (allusion) to the prophecy without revealing details. Sirius escaped on a (technicality) that infuriated the Ministry. The investigation made significant (headway) after finding the diary.
Dumbledore's Army was considered (subversive) by the Ministry of Magic. Umbridge would (formalize) educational decrees with official Ministry seals. The twins would (revolutionize) magical pranking with their joke shop. Dumbledore sat in thoughtful (repose) as he considered Harry's situation. Magical creatures (abounded) in the Forbidden Forest despite its dangers. Crabbe was a complete (dunce) in every subject except perhaps Dark Arts. Harry would (dunk) his quill repeatedly in ink during difficult essays. McGonagall remained (noncommittal) about the students' chances in Quidditch. "Good morning!" greeted Luna (cheerily) despite the somber atmosphere. Professor Trelawney claimed to be a gifted (seer) with Inner Eye abilities.
The revelation caused (consternation) among the Order members. They had prepared for every (eventuality) except Voldemort's early arrival. The magical (invertebrate) could change color to match its surroundings. The twins moved with remarkable (jauntiness) despite the serious situation. Sirius pursued Pettigrew with particular (fervor) after escaping Azkaban. Students were (improperly) taught Defense by numerous ineffective professors. Trelawney's (prophetic) trance revealed the crucial information accidentally. Harry flew (supremely) well despite never having previous training. Dumbledore worked (covertly) against Voldemort while appearing cooperative. The Quidditch (captaincy) was awarded to Harry in his sixth year.
The Dementors had a (ghastly) effect on everyone who approached them. Years of (grime) covered the ancient artifacts in the Room of Requirement. "What a (turd)," muttered Ron when Malfoy insulted Hagrid again. The magical barrier was barely (discernible) to untrained wizarding eyes. Filch was notoriously (churlish) toward students regardless of their house. Moody was (mistrustful) of everyone after years as an Auror. The tiny (mite) caused plants to wither in Professor Sprout's greenhouse. Harry didn't know how to (broach) the difficult subject with Dumbledore. Umbridge tried to (foist) educational decrees upon Hogwarts students. Harry's capture of the Snitch was a lucky (fluke) during the storm.
Eloise Midgen's face was unfortunately (spotty) after a charm gone wrong. Fred and George would (barter) joke products for useful information. Professor McGonagall would (confer) with other teachers about problematic students. Bellatrix shouted an (imprecation) as her spell missed Harry narrowly. "Potter can't even brew simple potions," remarked Snape (snidely). The enchanted (pomegranate) contained seeds that granted temporary wisdom. Hermione would (exert) herself beyond reasonable limits during exam preparation. The twins' prank had serious (repercussions) they hadn't anticipated. Luna looked at Harry (quizzically) when he questioned her beliefs. Snape looked (pityingly) at Harry's failed potion attempt.
Mundungus sold (shoddy) counterfeit protective charms to frightened wizards. The apothecary sold rare (sneezewort) for advanced healing potions. Professor Sprout cultivated (lovage) in Greenhouse Three for medicinal use. Dumbledore would (concede) certain points to maintain peace with the Ministry. The magical barrier began to (rupture) under the pressure of combined spells. The Christmas break provided welcome (respite) from Umbridge's tyranny. Dark (thundery) clouds gathered over the Quidditch pitch before the match. Malfoy made a sly (insinuation) about Hagrid's teaching abilities. Neville looked (perplexedly) at the complex potion instructions. Lockhart dressed (ostentatiously) in turquoise robes with gold trimming.
The Dursleys' shed was as messy as a (pigsty) according to Aunt Petunia. The Death Eaters planned to (assassinate) Dumbledore throughout Harry's sixth year. Harry showed excellent (sportsmanship) when Cedric reached the cup first. Ron laughed (uproariously) at Fred and George's latest prank. Professor McGonagall's (frosty) tone silenced the chattering students instantly. The Knight Bus moved in an (erratic) pattern that made passengers nauseated. Mrs. Weasley (fussily) adjusted Ron's collar before the Hogwarts Express departed. Filch would (scour) the castle corridors for rule-breaking students. Doxies had (overrun) the curtains at Grimmauld Place completely. The abandoned shack was a decrepit (hovel) that concealed the entrance.
Snape answered (cagily) when questioned about his loyalties. The magical egg went (splat) when Neville dropped it accidentally. Goblins spoke their own (lingo) that few wizards bothered to learn. "I'll remember you (evermore)," promised Dobby to Harry solemnly. The Pensieve allowed access to Dumbledore's (reminiscences) about Tom Riddle. The potion would (discolor) temporarily when brewed correctly. Hagrid's hat had protective (earflaps) for winter gamekeeper duties. Ron appeared (dozy) during particularly boring History of Magic lessons. Krum could (hypnotize) crowds with his spectacular Quidditch maneuvers. The rules (pertained) to all students regardless of their status.
The twins were at (loggerheads) over their shop's next product line. The (heartless) Ministry official ignored Hagrid's pleas about Buckbeak. The (inkpot) toppled over, ruining Ron's nearly completed essay. "Don't be (cheeky)," warned Mrs. Weasley when Fred interrupted. The twins' prank caused unexpected (hilarity) throughout the Great Hall. Professor Sprout carefully tended the valuable (savin) shrub for healing potions. The enchanted (toboggan) carried students down the snowy hillside magically. A (peal) of bells announced the start of the Hogwarts feast. Studying for O.W.L.s was particularly (onerous) for Ron and Harry. Slughorn would (ingratiate) himself with students from influential families.
"I wonder," said Luna (musingly) as she examined the strange creature. The prophecy created an (inescapable) connection between Harry and Voldemort. Ron remained (mulish) in his refusal to apologize to Hermione. Harry experienced (convulsive) pain when his scar connected to Voldemort. Fred and George laughed (riotously) as their fireworks disrupted Umbridge's inspection. The dangerous object was (accursed) with dark magic that corrupted its owner. The oil lamp (wick) needed trimming before it would burn properly. Madame Malkin adjusted the (pinafore) on the young witch's new robes. The curse caused permanent (disfigurement) if not treated quickly. The fairy was (infinitesimal) compared to the pixies they were studying.
"Don't be (impertinent)," snapped Professor McGonagall at the disruption. Dragon pox was a serious (malady) in the wizarding community. Spattergroit was a disfiguring (pox) that created purple pustules. "That (dolt) Longbottom," muttered Snape after another cauldron explosion. Food (regurgitation) was one effect of certain Weasley joke products. The situation was (infernally) complicated by Ministry interference. The unicorn would (prance) gracefully through the forest clearing. The feast would (sate) even Ron's enormous appetite. The baby wore colorful wizard (rompers) in Diagon Alley. The dark magic would (taint) anyone who used it for too long.
Harry moved (furtively) through the corridor under his invisibility cloak. Lockhart was an insufferable (popinjay) who cared only for his appearance. Lycanthropy was a terrible (affliction) that Lupin managed with dignity. Harry suffered a (grievous) injury during the Triwizard Tournament. "That's a terrible (bloomer)," exclaimed Hermione at Ron's potions mistake. The portrait bore a striking (likeness) to the former headmaster. Luna offered Harry a (satsuma) from her lunch during their train ride. The (gibbon) swung playfully in its magical enclosure during class. The (runup) to the Quidditch final created tension throughout Hogwarts. The boil on Eloise Midgen's nose was particularly (unsightly).
Harry tackled Quidditch practice with remarkable (vigor) despite his injuries. The Quidditch accident would (disjoint) Harry's shoulder temporarily. Snape was notoriously (taciturn) when discussing his personal history. Voldemort's serpentine (visage) terrified even his followers. The centaur stood (regally) before the gathered herd in the forest. Dumbledore would (proffer) advice carefully to guide without controlling. The potion could heal any (blemish) when applied correctly. Hermione was unusually (precocious) even by Hogwarts standards. Pansy Parkinson was Draco's devoted (lapdog) throughout their school years. First-years celebrated (exuberantly) after their first successful flying lesson.
Harry and Ron took a (jaunt) to Hogsmeade during their free afternoon. The Hogwarts Express crossed a magnificent stone (viaduct) on its journey. Hagrid wore a massive (mackintosh) during rainy Care of Magical Creatures lessons. The phoenix song would (enthrall) everyone who heard its magical notes. Luna had somewhat (nutty) beliefs about magical creatures. Professor McGonagall wore (tweedy) robes during everyday teaching. The Patronus charm would (dispel) Dementors with its powerful magic. Sirius's name fell into (oblivion) after the Ministry declared him dead. "Yes, Professor," said Neville (meekly) after being corrected. Neville would (dabble) in various magical plants during free periods.
The centaurs' (foray) into the castle grounds was unprecedented. Hermione used an entire (ream) of parchment for her History of Magic essay. The golden (yolk) of the magical egg contained an important clue. The (lamplit) corridor cast eerie shadows as they walked at night. The spell left a red (weal) across Malfoy's face when it struck. The Death Eaters' (incursion) into the Ministry was carefully planned. The situation was truly (lamentable) according to Professor McGonagall. Hermione would (delve) deeply into research when solving mysteries. "Don't touch that," would (chide) Mrs. Weasley when the twins experimented. The fairy's wings were delicate as (gossamer) in the moonlight.
The (torturer) used Unforgivable Curses to extract information. Neville's (plight) moved the other students to support him against bullies. The temperature (fluctuation) affected certain potions dramatically. The (convalescent) student recovered slowly in the hospital wing. The enchanted (chili) was so hot it made steam rise from ears. The Room of Requirement had an unexpected (airiness) that surprised Harry. McGonagall's (frostiness) toward Umbridge was barely concealed. Dumbledore would (expound) magical theory that bewildered even Hermione. The (freakish) plant in Greenhouse Four resembled nothing they'd studied. The (doubter) was finally convinced when seeing the thestral footprints.
The audience was (rapturous) after the choir's performance at the feast. Flitwick's choir sang a (tuneful) melody that echoed through the hall. The mermaid swam (languidly) beneath the surface of the Black Lake. Students practiced defensive spells (two) by two during DA meetings. The decorations were colorfully (splashy) for the Yule Ball celebration. The fairy lights were (incandescent) as they decorated the Great Hall. "For the (umpteenth) time," sighed Hermione when explaining the charm. The magical telescope was perfectly (cylindrical) and studded with stars. Knowledge was a (fount) of power according to Dumbledore's philosophy. The Death Eaters acted (callously) toward their victims without remorse.
Mice were (scurrying) through the walls of the ancient castle. The Ministry form was coldly (impersonal) in requesting information. Magical (blinkers) prevented thestrals from being startled during flights. Snape watched (impassively) as Harry struggled with Occlumency. The secret document required a (countersign) from a Ministry official. The magical (fetters) bound the prisoner securely during transport. The (daffodil) transformed into a canary with a flick of the wand. Harry was (singularly) unfortunate in his Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers. The crowd let out appreciative (oohs) when the dragons appeared. Bellatrix experienced a (paroxysm) of rage when Harry escaped.
"Did you see (aught) unusual in the forest?" asked Hagrid seriously. Filch complained about his (rheumatism) during cold castle patrols. The crowd cheered (jubilantly) when Harry caught the Golden Snitch. The old door opened (creakily) to reveal the hidden chamber. The potion caused a painful (pustule) to form where applied. Snape was (dismissive) of Harry's potential from their first meeting. The secret (informant) provided crucial details about Death Eater plans. Filch would (manhandle) students caught breaking school rules. The (squally) weather made Quidditch practice particularly difficult. The Polyjuice disguise was an elaborate (sham) that fooled even Dumbledore.
The twins created impressive (pyrotechnical) displays that lit the night sky. The spell would (fizzle) out if not cast with proper conviction. The magical firework would (whizz) around the classroom disrupting lessons. The (upshot) of the situation was another detention with Snape. The Ministry (summons) arrived by owl during breakfast. Umbridge smiled (complacently) after gaining another educational decree. The students raised a (clamor) against the unfair new rules. The castle seemed suspended in (limbo) during the summer months. Harry would (maneuver) his broom with exceptional skill during matches. The Marauder's Map was (embellished) with clever insults for unwelcome readers.
Harry's (thoughtfulness) toward others showed his mother's influence. The potion had an (opalescent) sheen when brewed correctly. The day was (breezier) than usual for their Care of Magical Creatures lesson. Music would (liven) up the Gryffindor common room during celebrations. Snape cast (aspersions) on Harry's abilities despite his improvement. Hermione's (perusal) of ancient texts revealed the crucial information. The common room was (restful) after the excitement of the Quidditch match. Filch would (frisk) students returning from Hogsmeade for banned items. Crabbe was particularly (obtuse) when following complex instructions. Ron made a (throwaway) comment that unexpectedly solved their puzzle.
Buckbeak had a volatile (temperament) that demanded proper respect. "I meant no harm," said Hagrid (placatingly) after the accident. Neville was occasionally (inattentive) during particularly boring lessons. The young unicorns would (frolic) playfully at the edge of the forest. Harry would soon (outgrow) his school robes after a summer growth spurt. Professor McGonagall's (admonition) was stern but fair after their rule-breaking. Luna's (sojourn) at Hogwarts was particularly difficult without friends. Lupin's gentle (demeanor) made him an excellent teacher despite his condition. Peeves was a notorious (miscreant) who terrorized first-years relentlessly. Hermione's (overreaction) to a poor grade surprised even Ron and Harry.
Malfoy would (rile) Harry intentionally before important matches. The magical camera took impressive (closeup) photographs that moved naturally. The enchanted (sledge) carried them swiftly across the snowy grounds. The (earthen) floor of Hagrid's hut was always slightly damp. Professor Sprout wore a practical (smock) during Herbology lessons. Mrs. Weasley became (overwrought) when her children were in danger. The young (sapling) would grow into a magical Whomping Willow eventually. The (bracken) provided perfect cover for approaching the hippogriff. The spell would (uproot) plants instantly for harvesting ingredients. Luna's voice had a dreamy (inflection) that distinguished it immediately.
The house-elf bowed (deferentially) before delivering Dumbledore's message. Mundungus would (peddle) questionable magical items in Hogsmeade village. The stone (lintel) above the doorway bore ancient magical runes. House-elves lived in magical (servitude) for generations before Hermione's advocacy. Pepperup Potion served as a magical (stimulant) during exam preparation season. The Boggart transformed into something (hideous) when facing each student. The path wound (tortuously) through the Forbidden Forest toward the clearing. The transfigured (iguana) scuttled across the classroom floor during practice. The evening (recital) featured enchanted instruments playing independently. Slughorn appeared (torpid) after consuming too much mead at dinner.
Voldemort maintained a (stranglehold) on the Ministry through strategic infiltration. The magical (eyepiece) revealed invisible traces of dark magic. Death Eaters would (wreak) havoc wherever they went unchallenged. Filch was particularly (irascible) during the Triwizard Tournament disruptions. Lockhart's (garish) robes reflected his flamboyant personality. Umbridge's (despicable) educational methods involved actual physical punishment. Neville was (fidgeting) nervously before his turn at boggart practice. Professor Sprout's magical cacti were particularly (prickly) when disturbed. The magical (fairground) featured enchanted rides for wizarding children. Hermione performed complex spells (dependably) even under pressure.
The Ministry was in (turmoil) following Dumbledore's revelations about Voldemort. The frightened sheep would (bleat) pathetically when approached by strangers. The students laughed (raucously) at Fred and George's portable swamp. The mysterious (scuffling) sound came from behind the classroom wall. Snape's expression was completely (inscrutable) as he delivered the news. The Ministry would (deem) certain magical creatures too dangerous for private ownership. The (resurgence) of Death Eater activity concerned the Order greatly. Professor McGonagall (née) Ross had attended Hogwarts as a student decades earlier. Crabbe was Malfoy's loyal (minion) throughout their school years. Harry felt (anguish) upon seeing Cedric's body after the tournament.
Kreacher became surprisingly (obedient) after Harry showed him kindness. The veela could (mesmerize) men with their enchanting dance and appearance. Harry's broom created a perfect (slipstream) for following teammates during practice. The wound healed (cleanly) after Madam Pomfrey's magical treatment. The invisibility cloak felt like (silken) water flowing over Harry's skin. The hippogriff's (rump) was particularly sensitive when bowing respectfully. The snake moved (sinuously) through the grass toward its unsuspecting prey. The elegant witch rode (sidesaddle) on her broomstick in traditional style. The Quidditch stadium resembled a magical (amphitheater) filled with excited students. Luna's explanations were somewhat (bitty) and difficult to follow completely.
The winter (solstice) marked the optimal time for harvesting certain rare ingredients. The magical plant would (disgorge) seeds forcefully when fully mature. Neville was often (blundering) through practical magic despite his theoretical knowledge. Lockhart's autobiographies were filled with (gaudy) adventures that never happened. The spell struck the victim's (windpipe), silencing them instantly. Dumbledore spoke (magisterially) when addressing the assembled school. Lupin was an (erstwhile) professor who taught Harry his Patronus charm. The Hogwarts (bedder) found unusual items while cleaning dormitories. The magical cat would (gib) softly when content near the fire. The suspects had strange magical (fuzz) under their fingernails after the crime.
Harry took (precautionary) measures before entering the forbidden forest. Snape's constant criticism would (irk) Hermione despite her excellent work. The painting served as a magical (surrogate) for the missing guardian. Dumbledore spoke (magisterially) when addressing serious matters in the Great Hall. Harry felt (invincible) after consuming the lucky potion before the match. The (flightless) magical bird hopped around Hagrid's garden curiously. The deep (chasm) separated the castle from the surrounding mountains. The decorations were surprisingly (gaudy) for the normally austere Great Hall. Dumbledore could sense danger from (afar) through mysterious magical means. The healer made a precise (incision) with her wand to extract the cursed object.
Hagrid would (dredge) the lake periodically for interesting creatures. Hermione worked (assiduously) on her extra-credit assignments throughout term. The curse left a painful (welt) across Harry's arm when it struck. Ron felt (dismay) when his wand snapped during the car crash. McGonagall's (remonstrance) was stern but fair after their nighttime adventure. "I'll be back in a (trice)," promised Ron before rushing to the library. The unexpected question seemed to (discomfit) even Professor Flitwick momentarily. The ghost was eerily (translucent) as it floated through the Great Hall. Hagrid would (croon) softly to calm frightened magical creatures. The benefits of the risky plan would (outweigh) the potential dangers according to Hermione.
